## A Memoir of a Life Lived

### Manifesto

I have been told in no uncertain terms by society and everyone alike that writing a book on my family was a no no. That disclosing what I’ve lived would not be validated, even though, I know it could be valuable if not for anyone else, for me.

This is writing that comes deep from within, that makes me wrestle with all of the questions I otherwise dare not ask. It is the book I have always wanted to write. The one that speaks compassionately and honestly about the life I have lived, written from the perspective of self-acceptance and perhaps as a path to human dignity for all. 

My goals are, above all, honesty and to create the kind of work that moves me, and anyone who reads it, to open their eyes a little more. This will not be a work of venting, it will be a work of soul-making for myself and for all who read it.

As it is a matter of the heart, I will aim to write 200 words per day until it feels done.

Trigger warnings in effect.


## Chapter 1 : Murky Waters

I wake up to a dream, I am somewhere underwater, its a dark, murky green, full of odd plant life flailing around me, brushing my bare legs as if to grip them and pull them further in, although I cannot see much beyond my hands. Suddenly it happens, I feel something or someone tug at me, grab my leg and with brute force, inject my upper thigh. 

I don’t feel much after that and next thing I know, I am standing by myself at the drivers seat of an old tractor, sopping wet, clumsily putting my underwear on while telling myself a story, like kids do. I don’t recall the story. I do recall it. I was regañado a un niño, an imaginary little boy, one who had done some thing very wrong. Something magnetically calls my attention, I look up from what I'm doing and there, watching me from behind is my grandpa; watching me like he watched me in the shower, and in the bedroom we shared nightly, while my grandmother slept in the hall.

I was six years old, maybe seven. I had gone from a slim child to looking more like a little barrel in the half a year my mother had moved me into my grandparents house. A farm house, farm country. One hour from the capital, Hermosillo, Son. Mexico, where we were born, my mother and I. My brother, too. My sister, having been the first one and a sort of unplanned, planned surprise - at to least my father, if we have the same father, which we may never know - was born in Mexico City; where my mother was working selling clothes out of her car or working for the Mexican lottery. Not sure since we were never given too many details.  
 
What I know is that my mother was in the United States of America at the time of this particular event. She was following a dream, her dream while she worked as a housekeeping lady in the most posh hotel in Mesa, AZ, the Renaissance. She had joined a club where her picture appeared in papers. And, the last time I had spoken with her she was really excited about a man who was from some place where it was beautiful and where it snowed. He had a son, Bruce, who was 19; all grown up and I fantasized about marrying him. She said Beel was rich and had come to visit her in Arizona. I think he conducted the symphony somewhere in California. Tahoe or San Francisco or... I didn’t know all of the details. I remember these because she repeated them excitedly over and over again, as if that made them or some dream come true. She said his name as if it were sticking honey attempting to roll off her tongue: Beel Khamerun. Beel Khamerun. Beel. Beel Khamerun. Mr. Beel Khamerun. She would say repeatedly, with her heavy Mexican accent and cocoine lathed voice that had the depth of Barry White. 

One way or another, my mother found her way. She paid to be taken across the border into the United States, claiming to be a seasonal worker - picking oranges. She was more the heavy blue eyeshadow, Liz Taylor wannabe type than a fruit picker. Nonetheless, as with everything else, she made it work out in her favor. Something that's stuck with me all of these years, although I cannot say it had any merrit in my life for some time. 

Mom was good looking and the rule at home was you didn’t have to eat at meal time, or at any time really, because there was always a bowl of fruit on the table if you got hungry. One of my first family memories is of going to an all-natural convent retreat with the Monjas – a nunnery compound in the outskirts of Guadalajara, the city in which we lived before and after my father’s sudden, though not all together a surprise to some, death in a car accident. It’s how we survived, or rather, how my mother made sure we survived.  We'll get to that. This retreat was a weekender. 3 days of fasting. We could not have been more than ages 5,4,3. We were young. She was young, in her late 30’s. She had me in 1980, which if correct, would have put her at 36 or 37. No...early 40’s.  

I am the middle child.  

What I remember vividly about this retreat, other than the concrete beds, soft terra ground on which we walked barefooted, and the demoralizing constant feeling of starvation for the length of our stay, was the treat at the end; a baked cinnamon apple!  

...how divine... Oh goodness how we lived for it. I guess we must have done these retreats more than once. I don’t much remember, but then I do.  
I also remember my mother leaving us alone at home in Guadalajara. Often. Once she drove to Nuevo Leon, where she said she stocked up on merch at wholesale prices to sell to her friends. In order to sell more clothes, we all modeled, meaning that by sheer need to make money (or so I thought) we had to stay skinny and be pretty and behave exactly as she would have had us behave all.the.time. – this led to a lot of disappointment and, well, uglyness.

For me it was day to day living. It wasn’t like she was a monster or an abuser. She was our mother and our mother was to be listened to or hell would come down on you. And that meant anything from physical abuse in the form of slapping across the face to knocking you down by slamming the door in your face, or kicking you with heels on while facing away from you without looking back to see where the heel would land, or using you for her pleasures, whatever those might be in the moment. 
 
It (must not have been) wasn’t easy being a single mother of 3, or a widow so young and full of desires for a life that could not be hers. We were expected to work towards this life that she could never give herself until the day we died so that she might glimpse it or take it from us if possible and oh, it was always possible because she owned us. We were clear about that.  

In any case, Beel khamerun or Bill Cameron never made it into the family picture, he said he was interested in living his life, not raising her kids. He never met us and sadly for us, this was a constant reminder of how we got in the way of her and her life. This she made sure we we clear about on a regular basis.

Some memories are more poignant than others. One, I remember like it was yesterday.
Our father had been killed in an accident while driving across a bridge, a car full of co-workers and he died. He was drinking and driving, as usual. When we asked for him, mainly me as I was attached at the hip to my daddy, she said he had graduated. Daddy had reached the angels before anyone else! Weren't we proud? 

A few months passed, we moved from our family home, 2 floors, beautiful stairs which I loved; to the small, 1 bedroom studio size apartment at the corner of the same street. Now, homes do not come easily in Mexico, mostly because people don’t so much move as they do expand properties as the family grows. Nonetheless there we were, in an apartment, sharing a large bed or a bed large enough for the 4 of us. This, thousands of miles away from extended family in our hometown of Hermosillo.

My mother left us unattended because she felt she had no other choice. All of the helpers she hired left as soon as they arrived. Complaining that we were unruly, and it was impossible to work with us, or that’s what we heard her tell all of our family, and anyone who cared to ask or not ask. 

And another thing, we were never to go to the doctor unless there was a serious threat to our life. She told over and over how horrible doctors were, how they didn't know what they were doing, how they were poisoning people and it was bad medicine. Instead she took us to curanderos who prescribed herbs, did chiropractor work on our bodies and said prayers over our souls. She claimed our problems were psychological and they agreed with her. Maybe they were right.

Once, shortly after my father's death, she had been out doing what she did, whatever that was. When she returned, the house was not in the state she must have expected it to be, because following a rampage of hurricance katrina level attacks and disastrous hurling, she suddenly dropped on our kitchen/livingroom floor. Face up and unresponsive to our crying, screaming and begging of her to come back to us. "If you come back I’ll be good, I promise!" We wailed. For how long who knows, this went on. Until she felt venerated sufficiently I suppose. 

Then, miraculously she returned to life. Reminding us of what we had just promised to Jesus Christ, that we would never again be bad, never again or mammi would die, too. From that day on, I was the perfect little one, I had to be. Tending to anything she needed; foot rubs, back rubs, rubs of any kind, drinks, food, housekeeping, you name it. Later it meant taking care of the other 2 children emotionally and physically, which went on until my 30s; when after a long time of suffering, while considering it, I decided to make a break for it. And that was the beginning of a new end. The beginning of a new life which shone light on things I had not seen, I did not want to see, I did not dare to look at for a long, long time.

## The Missing Years

                                                                                       ...

## The Color Purple

I read the color purple once and had an epiphany of sorts. There was also the Greek temple story, in which women devirginized each other using a wooden (perhaps) phallis. It was a ritual, a sacred, humane way to introduce the world of sexuality to girls becoming women. Then there was Antwone Fischer, the man who was abused by women in his family, after that movie I bawled. I understood something then and there and could not place it. I went crazy almost and almost had myself committed during that time. It was all coming up, surging up and I could no longer contain it. This was in my early 20’s. This was when I turned to alcohol.

I felt much the same, I think, when I came upon the organization (operation) underground railroad a year or so ago. I’m now 42. All the film shorts I watched, they all resonated. I knew then what it was, it was more than starting to take shape, it was developing into my own set of shorts of memories from over the years. And it is happening again. I get shorts.  

I remember the time I was at the Landmark forum in my mid 20’s,my mother had urged me to go to solve my emotional problems. We were asked to go deep, and deep I went, in to a sort of memory rewind trance. I suddenly felt the attack, many hands holding me down, and getting ready to do something terrible to me. I did not know what was happening. The "professor" came over to me knelt and very quickly assessed and spoke out loud the situation. In front of 200 people he asked, "were you abused sexually?" "Yes," I said. And that was the end of it. I never really touched it again after that. Not for a long time.  

I remember mom apologizing in an agony that could only be described as overtaken with guilt. “I am so sorry for what I did when you were little, Mija. I am so sorry for what I did. I am sorry I left you in Mexico.” Over and over, over the years. I was quick to absolve her and tell her I had learned from the experience of the sexual abuse by Grandpa, but she would not let up. This came every once in a while. I don’t remember the pattern of it all, I do remember from time to time she would collapse and throw up and sleep for days. I had to tend to her. Someone labeled it hypoglycemia. I can say I have had something similar. Terrible headaches that lead to nausea and throwing up, they lasted until one day it became apparent that if I could be with my pain, all of it and see that there was so much emotion, memory and hurt behind it, the physical manifestation subsided - And that was not easy. The headaches are treacherous and all I want to do every time is to take strong pain killers. They are almost as treacherous as the memories, which I think started arising with clarity around the time the headaches began, when all these symptoms came, when I had no choice but to be with it all. The same or similar symptoms my mother was overtaken by all the years I knew her. Perhaps still.

For a long time I thought the terrible member…memory of being held down and screaming happened at the farm. Maybe it did. Maybe she knew that I would be terrifyingly abused then – perhaps in an effort to blame something other than herself for the tragedies she committed against her children, maybe just against me - she would then have a perpetrator other than herself to point to.

I remember the ice baths. She would tell us that they were used after giving birth, to heal the vagina. But then, why were we in ice baths (ages 3,4 and on)? She claimed it killed worms and other bad things. What was she really healing and why was I constantly in the doctor’s office for vaginal infections, pain during urination, etc. from such young age on? And why was I seeing only one doctor, whom she claimed was an uncle. Was he? I think the family knew him. He lives in Rocky Point, Sonora from what I can remember. Tio Jaime, they called him. When I watched Sybil, I sort of dissociated, yet the scene when the lady lays her down, ties her up and tells her it’s time for her vaginal wash or something, I flinched and shut down completely. Everything inside me screamed me into darkness. There is something there that I cannot (yet) explain.

The torture movie I once watched, of a woman held against her will in a barn. Her eyes, hands, feet sown together; hand fed all the while tortured until unrecognizable. That trended. Psychologically I felt like her. The dream I had the very night after I wrote this last sentence, of the girl who sowed a dead horse’s head to hers, and many things from the dump along with it exclaiming everything was "Ok! Everything is fine!." An attitude I had to take on to survive – behind this were memories coalescing. Still, I do not see a clear picture.

The difference from then to now, is that I am willing to see it. I am ready to be with all of my support and I am willing to see clearly what is there.
The memories come up one by one,like lazy rain drops at first, then harder, threatening a tornado. I remember once, several years ago, when I was scrolling through my facebook feed, out of NO where, a picture of a naked baby, on its back with a dick on its vagina. The imaged burned through my eyes, my mind, my heart and my soul. Waking up the uglyness that I never wanted to see manifested outside of me. It reminded me of the terror that I shut out within - but not for many many years to come would I own it. The memory of Gloria Trevi surging now, she was once accused of sex trafficking children. Who could ever do that? Who could ever do such things...to me?
 
Then, in TO when I was trying my best to get over a love like no other, as I was working to expand my range of emotion, I searched for a psychological thriller. First came up the Playboy bunny mansion documentary, in its own way a psychological thriller for me. After watching it, which in restrospect is quite a lineup full of synchronistic connection that I could not see at the time, I came upon Mr. Robot. In the opening Episode, the main character Elliot hacks a coffee shop’s wifi, which turns out to be an underground pornography, ahem, child pornography operation. It fascinates me, torments me and reminds me of another...When I was a teen, unable to see anything remotely violent or abusive that involved nakedness, something popped up on TV. I remember the placement of the TV distinctly, it was in the dining room. It had never been there before and was never there again. A woman, lying down on her stomach, naked in the total of the shot and showed from the lower lower back up. Something in the shape of a large topspin, a trompo, which seemed to be filled with a yellow liquid that might be injected into her lower back with the pointer of the large spintop dropped down into her skin. I flailed and lost it. I went bizerk, shaking, running, everything around me double and in movement, hardly breathing. No one could understand why; not even me. I was the crazy one.

Then, there was my mother’s exhusband, Ralph, who once accused me of taking his pants off while spooning me. One day, taking his clothes off in the laundry room I yelled out to my mother for help. He accused me of watching him, lividinously, while menacingly shaking his belt buckle at me, his pants hanging off and his all white long mormon underwear covering his half dressed body. My mother never ever responded in a way that would satisfy or absolve anyone when I was the subject of a violation. Later, that same 300lbs man took our brother out to play basketball. When they pulled up to the house, I walked towards the car that was parked mid-driveway, he did not see me coming. When I arrived and leaned in the open driver's side window he was leaned over my brother in the passenger seat. I noticed Ralph’s hands in my little brother’s pants, rubbing my brother’s penis. I don’t recall what I said in the moment. I do remember running into the house and calling my mother on the landline, wherever she might have been and telling her what happened. Call the police she said over the phone, this was the one and only time the police were involved in sexual abuse in our family. I called them, we never saw Ralph again. I was considered bad luck afer that, rather than someone who could smell out problems.

As I tell my story, it is starting to appear that the only problem was me, this was my dilema. My mother would run as fast as she possibly could for my siblings, but not me.  

My sister once accused my cousin Mauricio of abusing her sexually. She cried in my mother’s arms until she was satisfied. Where as when I raised the alarm on the family patriarch and known sexual predator who abused me, my sister and likely my brother along with my mother, all of my aunts and quite likely my uncles as well; I was questioned, distrusted, rebuffed and eventually ostracized by everyone who instead of comforting me offered penance and suspect accusations such as, "We all suffered it! You aren’t special! Get over it." I would forever be marked as the sinner who let out the family secret, and the family scapegoat.

My sister who lived with my grandparents along with my brother for an entire year before I did, denied it vehemently. So it wasn’t until later that I saw a difference in the handling of things, when my sister finally admitted my grandfather had sexually abused her, too. My mother reacted with kindness and support towards her. She then unveiled disastrous violence on her family who admitted they knew what was happening while she "innocently" worked her butt off in the U.S. cleaning hotel rooms and putting her picture in papers for men to call her.

I mean, nobody likes the messenger in these kinds moments, and societly, as we know, has learned to shut up people like me very effectively over the centuries. How many women suffered under monsters in hollywood and how many more under monsters in their very own home? It wasn’t until recently that it became acceptable to accuse men, and rightly so, of their offenses. 

None of this makes me feel better, it really doesn’t. It raises a lot of anguish, feelings of disgust that I’d rather not touch. It raises feelings of shame, embarrassment, abandonment, loneliness, a seemingly incurable sadness and depth of hate…then, thoughts of independence, resilience and a willingness to try again – much like the itsy bitsy spider, I go up the spout again. This time, however, I’ll check my toe holds, the weather and how long ago the water spout was cleaned before embarking a new journey once more, because, we must rise again.

Then there was the time I turned on my mother’s third husband’s TV, which was in our livingroom hooked up to a VCR, remember those? I pushed play. Porn. WHAT THE FUCK??????? I screamed and was in no uncertain terms shunned again, shut up again. I must have been a teen at this time. This man was later accused of smelling young women’s dirty underwear, apparently, they belonged to a roommate we had at the time. My mother said she found them in his pants pocket while doing laundry. Who knows whose they really were or why at that time my mother decided to do something about it. While he was out of the house, she told me that he had been paying an apartment for another woman. What is true? Who knows. They continued to see each other until his dying day. Actually, thinking it over, they were the young 20 something roommate's underwear, I remember her moving out immediately after the debacle, honoring herself and being honest about his come on’s and uncomfortable manner towards her.

##There was something different about me

There was something different about me, about how she, my mother, handled things. And, to this day it feels as though I deserved less from her, or was not entitled to her love, her protection. Some thing makes me think it may be that she thought I was stronger than them, and that I could handle more – should handle more than anyone else, or that I should live on less than anyone else.

Or was it that what she profusely apologized for was so much worse that opening the door to caring, comforting and allowing me to process would result in demise for her? For all? Except me, of course. 

I once uttered that I wanted to be a lawyer, this was after years of swearing I would be a model and was praised for it. My mother immediately said, "No, being a lawyer is dangerous." Mind you, this happened in the United States, while visiting a friend of my mother’s whose daughter who wanted to be a judge. The mother might have been a therapist, much like the other therapsits my mother befriended. They all counseled me, since I was obviously severely mentally disturbed according to my mother and likely then they became her friends. We would go over and visit as if we were family all the while I stood there in the middle of all of it feeling displaced, disconnected, wronged and accused in so many ways of things that I would not come to understand for a long, long time. Uncomfortable became the way I felt all the time.  Still, It wasn’t till my late teens that panic attacks, severe anxiety and insomnia took over.

That is when my reading picked up again. I was desperate to find a solution that didn’t involve pills. I was utterly against them. Still to this day I stay away, as far away from western medicine as possible. And my insane, completely irrational fear of needles is, well, unfounded – Or so, I thought. 
My mother often quibbled and complained about how much I cried endlessly as a baby, and nothing, no one could comfort me. I cried and cried and was a terror of a child. So much so, that often she claimed to have given me Dramamine just to get me to shut up. Later, as I was growing up, she loudly and frequently complained that she could not even touch my forearms because I screamed like a banshee. That I had lymph node problems and uber sensitivity that she could not comprehend; probably a good way to explain all of the bruising.

Still, from time to time, I am taken over by the visions of many holding me down against my will as I kick, scream in terror, horror, fear knowing what is coming and yet not knowing what is coming. My stomach constricts as I think of this, my shoulders pull forward in attempt to wall myself off from what happens in the cloudy memories. How often did it happen? Who was it? What did they do? Why did mom apologize, visibly consumed by guilt, over and over and over for the things she did to me when I was little? What is there? What was there? "Will I ever see it?" I ask myself.  

When I decided to see what was there, on the 22nd, I walked across a parking lot after picking up groceries, veggies, fruit, things for my smoothie. I normally did not take that path home but wanted to give the dogs some off leash time and this was the way to do that. I saw a car for the first time, black, sleek with one word written on it, LUCID.  
Today, I feel I am or I am actually seeing a fuck load. Since I started writing Yoga has been incredibly impossibly difficult to do. I sit at my mat and meditate. That’s as far as I get. Now that I have been practicing yoga for a few months off and on, I am feeling a much more intimate connection with the practice, with myself. The depth hit depth. As I was preparing for my yoga this morning, which I have tried to do for the last several days by starting differently. Coffee, meditation, in the room, only breathing, one position...etc. Today, I prepared myself to see what was there, to be fully with whatever was there. I reminded myself that stuff was arising, and it was going to be there, coming up and that I could allow it, even if that meant crying between poses, pausing as necessary or laying there the whole time crying; that was OK as well.  

I went to my mat. Immediately I began to sense slaming of bodies against mine. My vagina activating in pleasure as my mind dealth with disdain, disgust and frightening fighting to try and get away. My body seemed otherwise not present. As I continued throught the practice, staying as connected as I could, I felt variations of the same sentations, then being deep throated, feeling trapped everything in me darkened, I could mostly see and experience only shadows. I explored mentally and emotionally, allowed it all to come forward. A room full of men, other little girls, all being pounded and raped in the dark with many bodies around. The smell of putrid masculine sweat and little girls.

My mother often told us we were going to Yoga class, but I have only one memory of actually being in a yoga class, doing one pose, childs pose. I’m reminded of the being pounded from the back now. I remember yoga being a thing we did often, as in going to class – but I do not remember being in class. I remember that I frequently came to the realization over the last couple of years that my memory was like swiss cheese, during another short stint relationship, this time with an old highschool friend. Still, I don’t remember actually doing yoga as a kid. What I remember when I think of Yoga class is this...an orgy of men, children and darkness, feeling trapped, held down by many and abused as my naked body fought, and then as I exited it, watching from above.  

I remember once hearing about a lady, whom because of her mental illness, her dissociation or schizophrenia or whatever it was, could tap into the personalities that she had, each at its own preserved age, and recall exactly what had happened at their particular time in existence. It is apparent that something like this is happening to me. I am recalling vividly scenes. Connecting dots. 

Maybe there was no life insurance policy on my father, maybe I had been the paying life insurance policy. For a time m mother put us in an all girls home of abandoned and abused children, others who lived what we had lived? I remember now my mother fingering me and tying me down when I wouldn’t allow her, then progressively increasing the size of the objects with which she penetrated my vagina from the age of 3, in order to enlarge my vaginal canal. This explains why I am petrified of the feeling of remotely stiff innatimate objects in my vagina and how it takes me to get used to a penis everytime I start having sex again following long breaks. Why the first time I used a vibrator, given to me by my then boyfriend who was traveling a lot, sent me reeling emotionally. I've been absent since it seems, at least until now. It was around that time that I wanted to committ myself. I felt that I was going insane and could not handle what was happening...it was surging, reaching a point of no return.

My mother tried her best to put men in jail, to lable me a delinquent, to send me to an all girls ranch where I would be put in check. Sadly for her, all of the secretly taped recordings of my conversations were on keeping young addicts off drugs and reprimanding them for doing bad things. The only thing she could pin on me was violating curfew, which my sister and I both did. We attended an 8 week class to learn the dangers of violationg curfew. The abuse at home got worse and worse all of the time, perhaps tempting me to explode in a way that would put all of the fault on me not only for a catastrophic event, but for all of the catastrophies she had created in my world. 

How did she get pulled into this? All of these esoteric practices, temples, hopes of being saved? How did she enter the world of “Yoga”? And, how could she possibly hate her child so much that it would bring her to do this?  
Were there no million dollar life insurance policies? Was she desperate for money? Was I the best revenge against my fathers cheating and disregard for her since I was his pride and joy, or so she says? ...and so the mystery of the penis on the baby’s vagina is solved. I remember that. Now I am recalling that happening at Yoga. At one point, perhaps when I was too young to fight, or do much other than lick and suck; it was done with lights on. Progressively, as levels of grooming went on, the lights came down and drugs became a part of the experience. To remember any of this earlier would have been a tradgedy, perhaps for all of us. Between the drugs, the dissociation, the continued abuse and hate from my mother. The empty, always cold and suspicious eyes, they make sense now. The lack of warmth, willingness to love, to hug, to say I’m sorry, to accept apologies...it all makes sense. She had to separate from me, from herself to allow such hatred and violence. I think we all do, in order to engage in such crimes against humanity. We cannot love, and that is the terrible contradiction, that we may be doing something to someone and actually we are doing it to ourselves, cutting ourselves off of our own ability to understand, to change, to love to adapt to move forward in life.

In our hatred we can become that which we hate and perpetuate that which we despise – namely, who we are being in those terrible moments. We begin to project our hate, our disdain for ourselves onto others, effectively putting sole blame and responsibility on them, so that we can find solace, if temporary in our day to day life. Justifying them, blaming others and hiding from ourselves the ineffable hate we feel in ourselves for ourselves for what we’ve become. This furthers the cycle, it creates more lies, more isolation and more intense hate and more dire acts to make it be someone elses problem.  

Making it easy to convince oneself that it is the child’s problem that they are being raped, orgied and sexually trafficked for the betterment of the perpetrator. It was the child’s fault anyway that her father was killed, or that I killed her father out of hate and that because she was his, she too must suffer. She must pay for his sins because he is not here and paying with his life didn’t really satisfy mom's hate. A hungry hate, a self-perpetuating hate, and endless hate in the absence of forgiveness.  

The world too presented memories of its own in order to dig up old ones. There was Bill Crosby and his actions with roofies, which allowed me to see what was happening with the friend I’d so long ago made, spoken openly about sex with, had an attraction to and never for some reason consumated. One day, many years later when discussing having sex together since we’d never, he said, "yes we did, hat one time..." I remember every time I have sex, even the time when I drank straight vodka after a night of partying to the degree that we emptied a very big bottle. I'd remember, wouldn't I?

It wasn’t until I started writing this book that it dawned on me what he had been doing. Roofie-ing many girls. He worked as a bar back at a very popular Scottsdale bar, is an almost recon marine who was kicked out for “breaking curfew.” In retrospect, it makes sense. He always reminded me of my grandfather, the first memory I had of being drugged and abused. Not the first time mind you, the first memory I allowed myself to have of such a thing. This happened in 2010, when I was seeing Elizabeth Sikora at the Wholeness Institute. That was quite an experience. I thought well of her, I thought her insecure as well. I wasn’t sure what I thought of her other than, I could sense her feelings, her thoughts, her instability around me or insecurity around me. She was kind with a passive aggressive attempt to hide feelings of distaste.  

I have times in my life when I am barraged by an energy that drives me crazy; I cannot focus or determine or discern. All I can hear is loud screaming though I cannot hear what is being said. I can hear rambling, feel fighting as though an internal civil war has broken out. When I slow down to take in and suffer those times, I hear what was being done, I hear what was, is being said....DO NOT TOUCH ME. DON’T TOUCH ME! DON’T TOUCH ME. DON’T TOOOUUUCHH MEEEEEE! Over and over as I struggle physically with all my might to get free of the many arms, hands, fingers holding me down, penetrating me, hurting me, forcing me into something I can no longer stand. Something I have fought all along. The drugs no longer keep me from myself, from the pain of my life.

##To Heal or Not to Heal

I wonder if stuff remains in the unconscious until it doesn’t. I wonder if, inspite of drugs administered, somewhere inside ourselves we continue to know, to experience until one day, after years of digging we can come to it? This has been my journey. Roofie or no roofie, we know, or we can know and we can take control, we can awaken to what happened if we are willing to live it and let it breathe until it heals. And, that takes a lot of will, a lot of courage and a lot of faith in oneself even when life seems unsalvageable. 

It all appears unimportant at first, then an almost a pushing force for many years before we decide to face it or not. Its the very thing that keeps one running away, as far away as possible from the memories; from the ongoing experience if not externally, internally until it is witnessed, taken in and transformed by the process of alchemical experience. .

I cannot describe that in detail, I only know it works. Simply by observing it, it comes to life and then loses its power over one. It is then that we have power or begin to have power over it, instead of it having power over me, us. This is what happens when we can sit with it. And, it takes lot’s of years of meditating without seeing it, or at least it did for me. Some may have called it spiritual bypass. I, looking back, call it timing. Preparing. Sorting and finding a center within before the hurricane hit, that I may now be able to sit in the eye of the storm and witness it as it passes. Unaffected by its wreaking havoc as it is no longer functioning on merrit, but by way of observation which in some way makes it obsolete – over time. I am no longer completely controlled by it. Though, sometimes, I am still affected.
Yoga on the mat is not the only time difficult things arise. To me, every moment is Yoga. Every moment is an observation. And that is what these experiences taught me. It is always a movie to watch, to be with and to remind oneself that the reality is here, now, in the present. From here, I can watch and allow all of my emotions to be, without identifying with my emotions.  

For a long time, working through ongoing trauma and newly created trauma in my home life I, in my darkets moments, promised myself I would pay attention to what was going on so that I could one day help others. Other teens, other kids, other people who had gone though tough stuff. It felt impossibly difficult, I did not conciously know what I had lived. It all felt impossibly hard, sysyphian, really. And, yet, I promised and I kept suffering and I kept moving forward as the ball came back down only to have me start again. Promise again, feel again, numb again, barf again, hate again, forgive again, start again. All over again. Again and again and again.  
They say that when you have something to live for, something bigger than you; your love for your children, faith in god, etc. You do.

Maybe this promise I made to myself was my way of creating something bigger than me. A vision, a promise, a hope and a prayer on which I could live, for which I could live, inspiration. Good for something. Good for someone and if I was lucky, really lucky, good for someones.  

I feel it when people are looking at me. When I dress nice, clean up, when I try to feel good about who I am and what I am doing – the attraction causes me to sense their desire, the touching going on in their minds, the horrible atrocity that it was to be me at times and on some level continues to be. My prison. My jail. From which I know I can break free, if I can forgive. When I forgive.  

Mona Lisa. My Elizabeth. That part of me that was loved, that was cared for in me and in my sister. She is there. 10 of 10. I am there. We are here together, healing and fissuring back together as the one we always were. Always.  
But I'm aways from forgiveness. Mostly what I feel is dread. Dread that it will happen again. That it is happening now and always. All the time like a tape running in the background. The same scene. Me kicking and screaming for my life. I blame being attractive for the raping yet I know that can't be true. Being attractive doesn't equal rape. A mother who submits her daughter to rape equals rape.

I wondered why or where a Chucky could come from. I see now. I see why. Terror to create a terror. 

I can tell you that writing this is infinately cathartic, painful and frightening. I am often driven in circles by this material. Being that I really do not want to face it and yet, I know I am ready. I mean, sometimes or most of the time I want to and then I do and go, holy fuck! 
So, I must take my time writing this. It is appropriate that I chose 200 words per day to start. Anything more than that send me into a spin. Much like when I began my art. I could make only one at at time. Only one. I've even started writing in my phone when it comes, then emailed the chunk just this minute to add. Too much though. I have to stay within my boundaries. Honor the self and honor my need for life, community, forgiveness. Today I sent an email regarding paying rent and getting thigns fixed. Crossed my fingers. I might count this as part of the writing. Afterall, it is material and I am sharing what is stream of consciousness. Yesterday I found a new haven, I intentionally asked for support using weed. Acutally, it made a difficult time better and I am learning that shy of minutes from graduation, hard times come and I can stay strong and remain on course. This was what I managed to do yesterday without throwing the baby out with the bath water. The old destructive patterns are leaving. Small fish get thrown back into the pond. 

As I work through this process, I am working through the trauma. I think about Waking the Tiger by Peter Levine, the Rosie Perez movie in which the plane crashes and she survives, where the man traumatized believes he is invicible and finds a way to convince her that there was no way to save her baby, that it was impossible with the impact for her to save him/her. I am thinking today about self forgiveness. I call it my Highlander practice, where I pick a complex a or complex topic to heal. I sit with it until it is unraveled, and worked into a positive place – sometimes that takes a day, sometimes it takes several days. As long as it takes basically, is how long I'll sit with something. As I open up, each complex allows me or leads me to another one. Last night I had a vision of all animals in white. Today while practicing Yoga, I awakend to the effects of the trauma and my mother's new age philosophy lessons. I had effectively blamed myself for not being able to stop the abuse, leading to a life of, "something is wrong with me and there is nothing anyone but me can do about it because I am damaged, I came out this way." I am limited to 200 words a day as a way to manage my energy. I think its time to pause. 228 

I remember my mother. Her cold eyes. Like an amphibian or a lizard, a coldblooded creature of sorts. 

I often wonder what happened? Was she raped and then had to deal with the consequences which were me? Doubtful. She was a proponent of abortion, even to the point of encouraging her sisters to do it. I have the sense that indeed, there was all of this abuse going on in our family, for generations likely. And that may have been the cause of this whole thing. Plus, my mother was cult crazy. Basically, she loved cultish things that she could throw herself into before moving on to the next one. I wonder if this was some sort of "New Age" cult turned trafficking operation that anyone could join or join their children to. It’s impractical perhaps to try and figure out why she would do such a thing. At the heart of this effort, is my attempt to find understanding, compassion for us both. My dreams are dark today, dark to light. Dreams of death, dying and men attempting to murder me. Me finding a way to transform it into something owned, my home. My child, a little boy had been killed earlier in the dream, resurrected. The divine child comes back, as it does in all of us.

Shitty dreams of death trying to rape me, I was able to escape. Today Yoga ended in a way that made me say, this is why Yoga. I manifested in a clear and freeing way that Yoga was not what I had been taught. Instead, now I was doing Yoga. Yoga. Real Yoga. And how difficult it must have made Yoking with my Self all these years, when I thought the definition of Yoga was sexual encounters that were not consensual. It’s a lot to process really. And, how does one get to where I got? No easily I suppose is the best answer. It is the beach trip turned Hiking the Himalayas. My Mind Bell app rings for emphasis. I never thought it would be this challenging. I never understood the depths to which one could go or would need to, to...to summit. And I don’t know if I’ve sumitted, but with certainty I have submitted to the process. It is painful to see it. It is freeing to see it. It hurts my heart as it opens now that I am experiencing this loss, this finding, this me. Mar. Ava. Mar. Ava. Mar. Ama. Ava. Ama. Ama. Ava, my inner guide for a long time. Mar, the little girl in me that needs me. Ama, what I am growing into during this process. 

Yoga is beginning to take on a newly defined way of operating in my life, a bridge between the transcendent and the earth. 

Here. We. Are. Here. We. Are. Here. I am. Now. Found. 

It is as if this healing has been for all of us.

And so, when I think about it again I find myself sad, angry, upset by all the neglect, the disregard for my person: the Child. 

The dream I had yesterday, no this morning was about the Fisher King, helping him heal. Marriage, a 6 or 7 year old daughter, (this is how old I was when I let my mother know about my grandfather's sexual abuse) and an 8 month old boy. 

I had another terrible headache today. 

My mother, how could I understand? How could she do that? How could one turn their daughter over to sexual predators? How does that happen. I may never ever understand. I will overcome. I am stronger as a result. I am.  I too could have been my mother. I am reminded of Thich Nhat Hanh's poem "Call me by my True Names". 

In a world of pain, hate, inability to find relief from myself. I remember, I too could have been her. Anyone of us could have been her and lived was she  was given to live. 

Today while doing yoga I felt my back crying and screaming. I looked and for the first time in a long time, saw my trapped little girl. Trapped in a box, trapped in a room, a closet. Trapped. And Ava, a representation of my Self said, "that often happened when you were little. Your mother tied you up, put you in locked rooms, starved you, didn't let you sleep properly and treated you like a stepchild she hates." 
Wow. I grieved. I cried. Something about that, about seeing it, acknowledging it felt right and brought tears to my eyes. More than tears. Deep, loud cries till my back eased. And today, I selected grieving as my highlander position. I grieved the loss of my innocence at such a young age. And wondered again, how could she have done these things to a child, her child. To me. I remember feeling trapped, yet at other times I felt safe in a box, a dark box where no one could find me locked at the bottom of the ocean. Safe in the dark, cold dark where they had forgotten I was placed. 

##The Pink Slipper

I am writing a memoir and I am seeing how I can write it in the present, taking steps into the past and returning home to the present. Diving in and coming back up for air as necessary. 200 words per day. 200 words at a time. 

On my 5th birthday my mother gave me my dream Barbie. Her dress was pink with glow in the dark stars, a parasol...I was in love. Days later, my love went missing. I would not know what happened to that Barbie for many years to come. She represented everything I wanted to be. I held her in highest of esteem as my Barbie, my toy but also as my companion. A gift I treasured. 

As I was shaped into a kind of Cinderella of our household, the Barbie came to represent that part of me, having overcome something. 
A couple of years ago, I paid good money to buy that Barbie for myself. I held her once again, kept her close and even confided in her. As I've grown into different aspects of myself, I've learned to let go of symbols of the past. 

Last new years I came across a mother and daughter, about 6 years of age. It was Christmas Eve, they were asking for financial help outside a safeway. I stopped to eat my meal on a bench next to them, to learn about their situation.  The little girl immediately shared how much she missed Christmas back home, in Romania. Where she did get presents. How she loved Barbies and wanted to write a letter to Santa that he may send another.  

In that moment I knew what I had to do. I went home, collected my Barbie, and repackaged her in her box as best I could given the age of the vintage box. There was one thing missing, I could not find one slipper...

It took 6 months before I would find the slipper again. Knowing the little girl and her mom would be back to their bench, I startegically placed the slipper between the slats. Hidden in plane sight, that someone, say who would know what, excuse me, who a tiny pink slipper would fit. 
I found this slipper after reconnecting with a man I had walked away from a year earlier due to his then very recent, very painful divorce. I was excited to reconnect, though I found this time to connection was missing something or had something extra rather...another person. I walked respectfully walked away with my heart in my hand. Then, low and behold, Cinderella Barbie was completed and able to be fully given to her next owner. 

I am no longer Cinderella.  During my trip last night, Ava came to life and embodied me. Not cinderella, but her; not in a pink, starry dress, but in white, translucent and numinous star covered dress. Lit up from within. Ava, a representation of my Self, is finding herself in of me or I am finding her inside of me. From there she lights up my life, now she is me and I am her. We are we, and we are one, again.

My mother always approved and celebrated my sister's body. She raved about her big thighs and big butt. Always said how cute she was, how attractive she was...I must have integrated that image, all that praise, and somehow my shadow always showed up as my sister with her body. I think I convinced myself that I had it too, or that it was attainable. And at one point, it was. Daily 4 minute planks + 4 mile runs, eating protein based diets and fasting. So much energy spent to live up to my mother's fantasy. Her fantasy of what beauty is...was...continues to be. I wonder what my sister integrated into her shadow? Emotional expression? Sensitivity and heightened awareness my chubby belly? Anyway, it is an impossibility difficult task removing that image from my mind. Yesterday I went ahead and attempted it after a guy pointed out my fat belly, followed by but you have good proportions. You're sexy. I said, you know why I'm sexy? Because I don't give a fuck what people think of me. Then, I came home following a bottle of champagne, and gave up fasting. Fickle, yes. And fuck all this effort to make the world approve of who I am and how I look. I no longer have to see their measuring stick as the golden standard.  

Imagine that no one in the world approves of you. Imagine. 

Then how will I begin to act? I dreamt then, that a "Fletcher" went after my sister and then she died. He came fixed my house and we grieved her death. She had an amazingly sexy body and I was inflated in the belly.By the end of the dream, I no longer had an inflated belly. That idea of an ideal body had a hold on me, so tight that I could not see beyond it. Letting this go ( as I think is indicated by the dream) was, is big. And I'm sure I'll be working on it for the rest of my days on some level. Today, I grieve. I grieve the approval, the fantasy. I let go of the tension and stress it created in my mind, my heart; I let go of needing, so much, to have this image drive me. An image that would never allow me to approve of myself. That is a shitty place to be. 

For the first time, I am in MY body. Accepting it, working it, doing by it as it needs...all the feels. I am working on what I can do for myself only. I can’t say that I am anywhere near getting to where I want to be nor that I am all that far away. I mean, I am. I am. I am here, now and that is good enough. And, what else, where else would I be? Tomorrow, I could die. I could no longer exist. No one, and I mean no one accepts me in this world, not 100% and that be what it be. Who gives a shit really? Knowing this gives me the permission I need to be fully. To live fully, to enjoy fully to breathe deeply, eat in a satiating way, love in a satiating way, and say what I need to, devil may care. Fuck it all to hell. I am. I am I am. Fuck all it all. Here is your meal, no longer asking anyone else to make it. This is my life. And I am living it. Wholly. It is good, I mean, most of the time I am integrating these days. All of the time I spent transferring knowledge, downloading, interring if you will, and now I am integrating fully all of it that I may live in the kingdom of the present. Is there any other kingdom? I don’t know, nor do I think so. Wait, no kingdom other than now? The now....ahhh....I can breathe again. 

I had home made Souvlaki chicken for dinner and fuck if I didn’t fucking absolutely kill it. I killed it. Handsomely I killed it. 

I keep having these jumpy necessary aches to be with others when I know damn well that integration needs 
time. If I do wake up feeling up to it, I’ll go over with Victoria beer and a handful of piss and vinegar from me and all that I am – to the next-door neighbor’s that is throwing a party.  

...And head to the neighbors I did, taht next day. I went over after my dogs escaped into their yard, and then I willingly let them. A cleaning of my dignity followed, if you will. I am working, let me know when they are ready. Yes, I’ve traveled all over the world. I feel like I colored inside my circle today. I’m not sure what exactly I did. Yes, you did. You gave grace and felt grace. Understanding and respect. I stood for what I am, human dignity th at you did not get to take because I am bigger than that. Standing up to those who would otherwise tumble me over, if I did not have self-awareness, regard for oneself and others, respect above all. Today, I have the feeling that Cinderella was both made and kept by others. I decided that I would no longer put up with human indignities.

There are connections that are special. They happened over the last few days. M ind bell. Connections that stopped time and these are sign. A sign that VassaLisa has returned, skulls in hand, ablaze I burn all those who attempted with contemp to keep me in servility. Servitude. Today, I had a chance to see what it was like being back with others who don't respect me, and then returning to the kingdom of love within, allowing meyself to say "no" to those who would have me be any less than what I am.  

4.13.22 
It was like waking from a bad dream. 
A few days ago – on the 8th of april, I woke up from a good dream which felt like I had been in a bad dream all along. It was like waking up to a reality that I knew existed. Wihtout a shadow of a doubt, I knew it existed. The dream was of me, entering a restaurant. It was dark, I was wearing all black. At first, I was wearing the first pants I ever wore on what I think was the first time I ever waitressed, that was at Friendship Village. Hired to do front desk work, I kept fucking up the copier or other things. I don’t actually remember. I mean, I was doing all kinds of things with the copier that I hated. They asked me if I wanted to work in the dining room. I said, "Sure!" I was enthusiastic all along. I wore those pants. Button and hook latch, silver. I gained weight, lost weight. They were tight, fit right then tight again. I remember them as the first pants I wore during service, food service. 

In the dream, I arrived late. I felt anxious about it, yet was met by relaxed and ready to help staff. I then tried to clock in, and had forgotten my card. I went to the head cashier. She asked me what to do about it. I said "use the blank slate card, #14." So, she did. She clocked me in. I told her I arrived at shift time which was a fib. Then, I went to the right side of the restaurant. There a young couple sat in an area that was not being seated, it wasn’t open for dinning. The guy, young and agile in physique was knocked out. Slumped over the table and her. They were, or rather, she was not anxious. Just wanted to order food, so I said I would get them a menu. I think this happened before I clocked in, actually. So that when the cashier clocked me in, I also told her my food order would be going to the right side of the house, the unopened side. (The right side, the felt side, the side of feeling, not open yet I am nurturing it and I am supported by other aspects of my personality. Walking towards the inside of the restaurant I then walked in a skirt, pencil skirt so slim that I walked like a model, super model down the catwalk with all the confidence in the world. Fully realized and aware of the impact. The implications of being received well, all the time. Even when late, forgotten card, ordered inaccurately or to the wrong place. It was like, I could do no wrong.  This is a self confidence I have not experienced very much in recent years. I am experiencing it now, as I reread this in November, this being well received by most people. Things turning out ok for me on the regular.
This dream is so significant to me because of my history both with food – the night before when I struck gold with a great Souvlaki meal, Victoria beers and had a great time eating. Eating as much as I needed and wanted to my hearts content. Becoming aware that I need to eat the way I do because of how much I burn off. Thinking, exercising, meditating, caring for the dogs. I mean, really. I burn energy like most people sit on a couch. Even when I do sit on a couch all day. Yesterday the google orchard kids center replaced air conditioning units with a crane. It was amazing to watch all the people, traffic controllers etc. I’m surprised the dogs didn’t spend all day watching them. A change in the thinking, the air conditioning of children. Which in my dream showed up as a fire in the orchard which instead was or I initially thought it was the easement. It was rescued, saved and changed of air apparatus. My hair grows crazy fast. I eat fast, and a lot because of how much I move internally and externally. In retrospect, this dream is also about psychological nurturing, particularly of the felt sensation...And, if I may be so bold, the fire originally happening in the easement and transitioning to the children's center, leading to a change in thinking is very much the track i've had to take with the home situation.

The dream of the restaurant – restoration in the food industry, respected, valued, changed out of old childhood pants and into a slim, professional, model super model skirt even. Everything I did was welcomed, accepted and alright. I’m wondering if that man was Dalton, my inner puer. Where even though I am not providing him with anything in reality, emotionally or psychically I am making amends that he may get what he needs, food or nurturing. Interesting, given that the opportunity came a couple of nights ago to feed him and I knew that I could not. "We are about to sit down to dinner. Go find yours," I told him. I don’t know if that was right. It felt right and my self, my own, my Ava sais: Sit down, let it go. He isn’t your responsibility. If the food you sent didn’t get to him, that is OK. He has to find his own anyway. You are not his service provider, not his provider and I see you walking through with confidence and acceptance in this life. I do. Feeding the right side of a restaurant, of a restorative place with in, the heart, creativity, love…and of thinking for myself. This is likely where a sense of self confidence is coming from. An attempt to renurture that side of me. It’s a start.
 
Look at love eating kale. Good for you, Lovie. Oh my, the dream about the orchard on fire, Lovey was outside, all the other apartments were flat pavement and Lovey was having a seizure. Arms up, over his head. I tried to leave to call a vet. He needed help. I could tell I should not leave him. I stayed, rubbed his belly warm, arms and things till he defrosted again. No longer seized, I took him inside.  

I don’t totally know what the dream was about. I see myself waking up from a life of nightmares, mistreatment, etc. Now I see myself acting with confidence and the beginning of the orchard dream was me going to sprouts on my bike, unable to go in because my bike baskets, front and back, were full of my things. I sorted through them, found clothing from long ago purchased too small or too big sizes. There in that now room sat a teen aged boy, in a wheel chair throwing judgements. I met his judgements in a way that he no longer was there, but instead a little girl. Teen girl. Who could fit my clothing that I was giving away. I had set aside a couple of small shirts and a large blue fuzzy sweater/sweatshirt like thing, baby blue. She came over and more showed up. As I started to gift it to her she said, "No, it should be comprada en abono (bought/paid in installments), and slowly given or not given to me at all." I said, "look, I asked the universe for someone to give it to, it is for you." I had infact requested from the universe someone to gift clothes to after a thorough cleaning of my bedroom. I gave her a tiny starter bra, and asked her if it would fit. "I’ll make it fit," she said. I said, "yes you can add a strap if necessary." I thought it might fit her perfectly. This makes me fantasize about her need, the young teen part of me’s need to take things in step. Where as I am saying, "let's do this!" Maybe that is what caused the fire at the Orchard. The need to change the pace, slow things down and change the air conditioning. I had a sense of it when last night I decided we would get my psychological house in order. I needed to rest and my inner parts kept telling me this, so I did initiate the squaring and then, slowed down to let it happen on its own at a pace that worked for inner me, as well.

So the dream is really about coming out. You know. That song came to me on the 8th a couple of times. I am now free of the entrapment of a life unlived, or at least I have it, it no longer has me. I'm healing. Now I am seeing what is out there. Reading Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World is showing me what is really there, and I am beginning to come out into this world. Fucked as it is, aware of what is there.  

I meant to watch lolita last night, too much though. Oh! That was my teen maybe....oh geez...I really felt all this arising last night and boy did I want to "seize" it. Lovey (my first goldendoodle), representing my instinctual body...my soul pet might be more accurate "seized" with so much on the horizon. I had to love lovey and relax him before the light could come back on and the fire could be put out. I love my lovey.  

The Adventures of Priscilla Queen of the Desert repersent a metaphorical ride to me, a return to my Self with a capital "S". This is the journey I have undertaken on my own. Taking care not to tip the bus full of masculine figures who are dressed as women and actually belong in the female column. Dressed in eccentric get up and make up to ensure the world sees female while the face of male (left side of me dominating within and the masculine dominating externally!) sticks out like a sore thumb, because the feminine within is not accepted by they themselves – until, on the adventure of a lifetime, they all are forced to face themselves and must take stock of all that they have been, are and will be. All that they had not faced strares them in the eyes, as I have been stared in the eyes by all my own stuff. 
Turning inwards to see what is there, inside this bus, holding it together and tearing it apart as it travels through time, through an inner/outer journey that has chipped off the shoulder chips and left behind a figure of a goddess in gold, ignited and resurrecting. This is where I hold myself at this time, in a fire of transformation and a resurrection towards whatever form I am to take. Staying in it, breating it in hot and heavy and letting it transform me as I am, and as I am to be. 
Uploading my voice recorded dreams I click on this one: I divorced Jamaal, told him I could not be with him until he got unstuck, lost weight, changed jobs. "Can I?" he asked. Yes, it takes time. Took me 10 years to do it….File 04.14.09.00.11. This was what I said in the dream...It represents the need to change myself in ways that make me happy. What does this say to me today, months after writing it as I review this page? I am running regularly now, writing this book, looking at the surfacing of myself and powerfully fighting the unfair taking of our land - standing up to a landlord who wont fix things and expects pay. I'm not sure that my job was different when I had this dream. What does Jaamal represent? A desparing male who can take everything from you if you let him. 
Oh, boy. Glad I walked away.

4.15.22 Lesbianism 
I wake up this morning in a panic. Remembering that maybe I have had encounters, driving me mad encounters with love. With Women. Taken over by a mad attraction that blows me apart from the inside out, that leaves me fantasizing breathless, horny for days, hours on end, encounters that I run away from, as if they are a bomb. They put me in a bad place of sanitary conditions that block out all things in order to stay in control. I run, make a mad dash for the door and feel completely hopelessly, helpless in the face of the chaos of emotions, the rising tide, the crashing waves, the driving solitude the push and pull of it all...leaves me breathless, exhausted. I can’t go there. I can’t go there. What will happen if I go there? The pleasure so intense and empassioning and maddening. I can’t. I can’t. Can I? My sister is the lesbian, my mother is the lesbian. Not me. I love men, I love the D...correct? I’ve never felt about a man the way I’ve felt about a woman. About men, I feel they complete me or need to complete me, save me, etc. Women, oh women... they drive me to my extinction, maddeningly wavering with their breasts, breath and scents. The demise of ancient times hold, a path not to stray from, oh how I devour them in my dreams, but no. It is not safe to go there, is it? Lesbians are gross, unloved, bad. Lesbians are undercover, cunning, driving mad the others who long for them. I'm a pussy magnet they say. I say, "sex, it’s a way to keep the doctor away." Mental illness would drive me to my end, and mental illness is women. I feel like John at the end of brave new world. Kill them, kill them all that I do not have to sin on such delicious skin, bossom and delight in their breath, breathless.  Anything but accept and integrate my feminine...why?

Rebirthing. Mastaba. 
4.17.22 Rebirthing 
As time passes and wounds heal, things change. I am working on a vision...it started long ago. It traveled, I traveled. Starting as a vision of me, on a boat with no oars in the middle of the ocean, longing to get to the seashore para encontrar me con mi familia. Mi padre jugaba conmigo en su panza, mi mama, mis hermanos presentes. Yo, de adulta en la lancha sola. Ahora me veo en un barco mediano con gente, todos remamos. Previsto que llegara todo esto a un gran barco, lleno de gente a quien yo amo y queiens me aman. Represento lo mejor de mi cuando escribo. Me doy cuenta de lo importante que soy YO en mi vida. Algo que no he logrado creer, darle prioridad en el pasado. Ha sido un crecimiento fuerte, acompanado por todo lo que es emocion – el rango completo. Nada se ha quedado por detras, he tenido que sentir, sufrir, alabar cada emocion que ha entrado a mi vida. Me pregunto si el escribir en espanol limitara mi capacidad de expresarme. Tal vez sera la mejor manera de llegar a donde voy, personalmente y por dentro tal como por fuera – llegar a la gente. La gente que tal vez me comprende a este nivel de la vida. Asi llegare a mi.
 
111 La Lancha Llega. 4.18.22 
ANoche sone que me gradue de la prepa, junto con mis amistades: Song, Trevor y bueno los acompanantes. Teniamos esa misma edad que en aquel entonces. Yo me sentia un poco diferente a ellos. Sabia que habia, en estos ultimos dos anos, vivido algo poderoso y apoderante del cual yo habia logrado apoderarme. Era tiempo de la graduacion, pero por dentro yo habia crecido imensamente en comparacion a ellos. Tanto que era evidente, y me sentia segura de mi misma. Veia que ellos tendrian que crecer al igual y que tenian por enfrente de ellos un largo y desafiante viaje por venir. 
Aspectos internos mios, seguramente. Y aspectos del entero representados, manifestados en la gente de mi vida, la que me rodea hoy tal vez. Siendo solo simbolos de mis presentes amistades...representamos la gente que te rodea - faltante de tanto crecimiento para llegar a alcanzarte y aun asi, el mundo nos deja graduarnos.

Anoche, saque a los perritos a bailar a la orchard tarde, como a las 10. Vi el papel invitandome a la iglesia ViVe! Y me di cuenta que a eso tenia yo que llegar. A la vida. A vivir. Esto depues de ecribir la parte de arriba, recordandome que el escribir en espanol es llegarle a la gente, a la vida. La Sangha. Los que tambien van en este barco, que tambien van a tomar este viaje de crecimiento, el que yo ya he logrado. Sera que este viaje es el viaje de reentrar a la vida, tal como es, aceptando la y no solo tal como la veo. Lograr que rememos juntos, que cada uno de ellos llegue a su playa, a su familia y que todos logremos subirnos al gran barco lleno de gente que nos aprecia. El viaje por dentro y por fuera. La revolucion Humana que estoy viviendo.


##Bienvenida a la Pomona
Presiento que en espanol puedo escribir mucho mas a diario – no estoy segura pero, lo presiento. Sone tambien que estaba en un predicamento con un hombre y su sancho panza. Habia perdido yo en algo, una amenaza, una apuesta, una promesa – no lo tengo muy claro. Estaban a punto de matar o a mi hijo casi recien nacido o a Lovey, el perro. Yo estaba aterrorizada, por tener que decidir. Me recuerda de Sophie’s Choice. Por un gran favor de los cielos, el hombre decidio irse y volver para entonces matar al que yo habia escojido. No sabia que hacer, no podia decidir. Los queria tanto a ambos – los quiero tanto a ambos. Se fueron. 
4.19.22
La galera dejo de parecer campo de batalla. Veia que estaba mas desarollada. Habia flores, y el clima mas agradable. A lo lejos vi el consultorio de mi abuelo. El era el doctor. Sabiendo que me ayudaria fui a verlo junto con mi bebe. Pequeno, en panales. Llego y un hombre de media edad, el espera su consulta. Me ve. Se mueve para crear una situacion agradable y de bien venida para nosotros. Necesitas agua? Prende la llave que llena un balde. Es agua fria. El balde blanco. No entiendo porque lo hizo. El se va y sale mi abuelo – no es mi tata en vida real. Un senor de sabiduria, ese es el doctor que sale. 
4.20.22 
El Doctor, mi abuelo sabe exactamente a que vengo, y que puedo hacer para solucionar mi problema. Sabia yo que tenia que acudir a el. "Que hago?" le pregunto. "Sigue caminando," me dice. Me dice que hay dos pedasos de pared en el suelo, que fueron desechados cuando destruyeron la casa vieja de la galera. Su consultorio era largo y angosto. En este dia Bing.com puso la torre de los puebla en Colorado. Una torre representa el contenedor de mi psyche, como la de Carl Jung. Me dijo que se los ofreciera a los hombres, que valian mil dolares los dos pedazos juntos. Con las manos los recoji y los cargue para tenerlos listos. Eran grandes los pedazos y sin problema los cargue. Al llegar los hombres senti que me habian perdonado – como? no lo se. Pero con el favor de los cielos que me rodean, fui perdonada. 

##UPLOAD
Invite a Kayla que viniera a ver Upload – el show que encontre que me tiene traumada en verdad. Estaba yo un poco de viaje pero, igual lo disfrute. Encontre en camino de regreso de la oficina del dentista un sign que decia: Aries Restoration – prewar. Y esta manana, mientras uo corria fecha 11/9/22 vi otro que decia: Restoration in Progress! Me senti perdonada. Me siento perdonada. 

Despues al caminar con los perros en La Orchard, la invitacion a la vida recibida ya volteada. No estoy segura pero me dice Ava que por haber la recibido. Mis fantasias de extender la Sopa de piedras en el dog park como lo explico el libro de ninos que llego a mis manos. Mis suenos no me ensenaron esto sino a hombres descuidados, maltratando me, dejando me sin nada. Como para darme cuenta de lo que pasaba en esas relaciones. De cualquier manera, salir sin nada me resulto ser un gran regalo, porque tuve que aprender todo lo que he aprendido, y salir adelante sin sus cosas, sin ellos. En el barco, La Pomona aparece. Lleno de nueva familia, amistades – todos remando juntos. Listos para la vida, buscando la.  Tal como el sueno de esta manana, 11/9/22. Una familia super rica resulta ser la mia. El escarabajo cubrido de jemas, diamates, rubies, esmeraldas etc. Mio. El ancestro quien me dio la bienvenida a la familia, generando una luz, un candelabro reflejando el mismo escarabajo que se me habia dado.

Mis alrededores representan una vida tan diferente – casi como la vida de el Mr.Brown, tal vez dando me cuenta de la agresividad de los que no quieren se sepa la verdad. Sera? Sera? No lo se. Tal vez cambiaran las cosas. 
Los Cisnes bellos, sus crias. Beauties are born today.  Supongo porque en el aspecto de escapar la muerte con la ayuda de mi abuelo y tambien por la claridad que me ha llegado sobre las relaciones amorosas que me dejaron pelada tantas veces - en particular la de Mark Meiners. Y los escarabajos representates de mi familia como un psyque nuevo. Lla el viejo reino destruido.

4.22.22 
Desperte con un peso imenso. Los suenos comenzaron pesados, con la muerte, con culpabilidad echada encima. Solo por sentir me culpable. Lo de recuerdos a medio, suenos mal posicionados para la cara de los que me rodeaban – Mark, dando me dinero ensangrentado, su trabajadora social aconsejando lo – I didn’t want su dinero, solo su amistad. Yo queria ayudar. Me querian matar, y lograron matar me. No logre lo que queria hacer, pero – como con lo de mi juventud, los recuerdos regresan. De poco a poco estoy entendiendo lo que paso – como sobrevivi. Y como lograr lo que quiero lograr libre de ego, libre de manipulacion. Viendo la programacion me late que segui ese paso, de manera muy cierta y sin limite alguno. Confiando y no siendo pues, desconfiada. Viendo que en sus suenos y en los mios, el chaos me tumbaba. El me veia como mi madre, lleno de sospecho mientras yo caminaba hacia derrumbar todo lo que habia construido sin saber lo. Que fuerte. Sin haber vivido lo que vivi con mi familia, sin haber logrado abrir esa puerta, sin haber me alejado de lo que me derrumbaba anteriormente, no podria yo estar aqui. Resolviendo el problema de nuevo, y con confianza en mi misma.  

4.22.22 
Quantum Consciousness
Se me ocurre que le envio el video a los de "What the bleep do we know", no a todos. Pero a esos que estudian salud mental, data, que conjuegan con el gobierno. Para ver que resulta de esto. Que sera de lo que tengo en mente, lo que he querido lograr. 
Estoy en un estado de Quantum Consciousness. Anteriormente tenia que meditar, limpiar la coneccion antes de enviar limpiamente y claramente y con fuerza los mensajes. Me pregunto si llegaran? Me pregunto si tengo la confianza en mi mizma para hacer lo, y ver que resulta sin tener que confirmar lo tanto como intencionalmente enviar lo – esperar el resultado sin esperar uno en particular...O abrir me a las posibilidades...Veo que estoy viendo mas y mas en estos sueños, y en estos días. Abriendo me a las oportunidades de la vida. La amistad, el amor y el dinero. Encontrando centro entre otros cuando estoy fuera de casa. Manteniendo mi centro porque el centro adentro es lo más importante.  

Este es el barco que embarca los dos mundos. El barco que me puede llevar, y traer a donde vayan mis pensamientos, mis emociones, mis intenciones. Poder es querer y querer es poder. Definitivamente fue poco después de estos tiempos que encontré el yogurt de iceland con el barco parecido al de Jung que navega los dos mundos.	 

4.23.22 
Aveces la vida te llega, tal y como es y dices o más bien preguntas ¿Qué es esto? ¿Porque no? Amigas. Amigos. Fiestas. Abundancia de conexión que en realidad, no esperabas. Aun así, aquí esta. Aquí llego la felicidad que esperabas. Esperando nunca la brindo – de hecho. Haciendo la, la brindo. Dando le la bienvenida, la bendición, y las ganas. Y aun así, no se si tener las bolas para ir a la fiesta, llegar tan así será buena idea. Si no voy, se irán. Y me quedare con las ganas. Blue shoes. Here we go.  Rereading this, I am inclined to explain that these shoes were the ones I bought for my "wedding with Mark Meiners." And, I am inclined to communicate that the Frat life I'd been living all these years is pretty much gone from my consciousness. I am no longer interested in partying like a rockstar and all that comes with it. 11.13.22.

You know, a veces es solo intentar lo y la verdad, salir con estos chicos, jóvenes, niños tal vez, no me apetece la verdad. Pero lo intente, por el solo hecho de salir a intentar las cosas. Habían salido. Hoy vi la peli de Muriel’s wedding. It was sad, funny, happy, me encanto. Abriendo le la puerta a la alegría. Decidiendo que pase lo que pase, sabre que soy alegre, encantadora y solo yo. Nadie más. Me gusta hacer las cosas a mi manera y me parece que sentar me al revés en la taza es para mí! Ja ja ja. Buenas noches, amigas, amigos, amistad! 

4.25.22 
Me he despertado, desde que recuerdo, con ojeras profundas, moradas y odiosas. De esas que dicen, yo soy nada en lo todo. Ojeras penetrantes, obscuras, dolorosas de ver. Cuando me voy de fiesta, peor. Siempre las vi como parte de mi panorama. Me pregunte, por qué? ¿Porque las tengo yo y nadien mas en mi familia? Trabaje en Ventas de arte un tiempo. Recuerdo muy claramente, un artista que dibujaba, pintaba más bien a niños traumatizados. Niños que vivieron abusos incontables, traumas de dependientes, de la guerra. Impactantes. Igual, yo no veía la conexión. Ahora, me veo, recuerdo y se. Se que esas ojeras cuentan y contaban una historia de malestar, de maltrato, de una vida traumatizada desde la matriz de mi madre, quien nunca supo ser feliz fuera de lo que ella quería, de lo que se le diera a su manera, a su querer, a su dictar. Ojeras plenas. Ojeras feas. Ojeras traicioneras que contaban mi historia a los que supieran leer la debajo de mis ojos, en plena vista para el mundo que sabia lo que eran. Recuerdo. Respiro profundamente y me doy cuenta que las cosas cambian y que puedo hablar de esto, respirar y recordar y no ser traumatizada reciente, de repente y de nuevo...Estres, insomnia, ansiedad, todas estas cosas causan ojeras y sé que las viví constatemente en mi niñez. Sigo procesando, integrando los eventos de mi niñez. Esto me ha llevado a separar me de mi madre, salir me del hechizo bajo el que vivíamos. Se han quebrado los azulejos, y ahora construimos un nuevo hogar, una nueva casita.  
4.25.22 
La otra noche, cuando escribí. Me dejo congelada. Ni lo he leido. Todo el dia tenia unas ganas de dar me placer. Me espere. Escribí y desperté un cierto sentimiento, una cierta fiera de miedo por dentro. Una que ha vivido en mi por quien sabe cuánto tiempo. Recuerdo cuando primero tuve relaciones como me convulsaba. Como me daban convulsiones, revoluciones, vueltas en la cabeza, en la panza, tenía un panico fuera de lo que consideraba vida. No lo entendía y aunque lo cuestionaba, simplemente seguía lo que llegaba en esos momentos. Al refrigerador, a comer lo que estuviera adentro, y mucho. Un montón. Por un tiempo pensé que el sexo daba hambre. Pero con tiempo he comprendido que los recuerdos traumatizantes eran la causa de un vacío terriblemente enfermizo e interminable. Tenía ganas de llenar me para no pensar, para no sentir las náuseas que me dominaban y con el tiempo llegue a comenzar a vomitar también. Pasaban los años y dejaba de pensar, de sentir, de parar me antes de entrar a comenzar actos de sexo. Vacíos. Plenos vacíos, desconectados y sentimientos de horror después. Una inhabilidad de estar sola, de sentir profundamente de estar presente en esos momentos de intimidad. Limitando mi habilidad de sentir lo que es intimidad con otra persona. Tanto pasaba que no tenía idea de la disociación, del nivel de separación dentro de mí misma que iniciaba cada vez que pensaba en hacer el amor. No tengo fantasías románticas, son más pornográficas. Sin intimidad. Porque debido a lo que viví, no he llegado a conocer hacer el amor.  
 
4.29.22 
Anoche soné con JC Tovar. El Holy Grail adquirido al sanar esa relación. Recuerdo lo doloroso que fue. Lo doloroso que es pensar en haber perdido a alguien por algo trivial. Ósea, por que tu padre murió y no siguen casados tus padres, no creo que pueda seguir contigo. Porque no eras católica, aunque ibas a la iglesia conmigo. Aun que me hacías favores sin pedirte lo, pagabas mis deudas, me buscabas – No. Oh, espera, sí. Después de todo, sí. Pero esto se logró después de ahorcar me de sentimientos tan fuertes que me dejaron siega sorda muda desde entonces. Recuerdo que lo que viví en mi niñez, no permitió que pidiera más. Que esperara que me amaran incondicionalmente, perdonaran todo y valoraran por lo extraordinaria que soy. Encerrada detrás de esta puerta negra, con tres candados que no me dejaban salir, ver, amar me a mí misma. No era permitido porque si lo hiciera, si lograra salir de esta caja negra, detrás de la puerta negra con tres candados, encontraría a mi familia, los descubriría tal y como son. Imbéciles, abusivos y matadores. Inertes, gente tan inútil en despertar, en amar, en tratar y apreciar que hubiera preferido la muerte dentro de esta caja negra detrás de la puerta negra con tres candados que no me dejaba ver. Entonces, allí, en ella detrás de los candados permanecí, perdida, no encontrada y atrapada dentro de mis miedos, mis inseguridades, mis faltas y mis perdidas personales. No podía ver que tal vez, mis alrededores me habían formado en o de tal manera que no permitían que saliera a ver el sol, el sol que nutre, que nos nutre a todos juntos. Somos una gente, una especie, vida. Consciencia. Tanto que hablaban mis familiares de tener conciencia, pero tener conciencia y ellos sin ella. Sin despertar a ver lo que habían causado. Un terror terrorífico. A un Chucky que apenas así podía yo defender me de la vida que se me había presentado. Escondida tras candado forme un protector proyector que mataba a todo lo que me lastimaba o amaba indescriminadamente, pero cobro vida este monstro. Aun así, logre: We Are One. Aun así logre escaparme de lo que hubiera sido suicidio, un matrimonio con él, con Juan Carlos. Nombre de mi papa, de mi hermano. Y logre lo más importante, integrar la sensibilidad, la depresión, lo que es apreciar y participar en la familia, sin ser tragada entera. Él fue el primero en explicarme la sobre estimulación, la iglesia Católica y sus perjuicios, el esperar a hacer el amor hasta el matrimonio. La comida entre familia, vivir con sus padres para ayudarse entre ellos. Una protección, sobreprotección familiar que necesitaba ser asimilada. Tal vez, lo que he logrado con mi familia, mi núcleo. Mis perros. Pero lo que quiero comunicar es que, esa vida enterrada debajo de mierda propia, profunda y desechada por la familia, me permitió entrar a las profundidades mías, de la vida a la que por fin me llevaron, por el largo camino a la libertad, a la flor de Oro. Lo que existe solo por dentro, reluciendo, irradiando por fuera.  



5.4.22 Rozalén Vivir  
Las traiciones ocurren. Son parte de la vida, y la resurrección es bella. El Phoenix de Oro, azul y oro, los colores de la pareja Real en mi mente. Todavia no entiendo todo. Viendo Upload me di una idea de lo que pasabo con el negocio y Mark. Llegando a un nivel de conciencia tan libre, que liberaría a otros, el poder gano, o más bien las ganas de tener lo ganaron por un tiempo. Me recuerda que estaba viendo Lord of the Rings cuando todo esto había caído. Ya había derrotado y había sido derrotada. O por lo menos, así parecía. Caminando me encontré, una Pluma de Águila. Increíble. También me cruce con una víbora que brillaba color oro al cruzar el camino enfrente de nosotros. Señale a los que pasaban que tomaran cuidado. El primero, en su bici paso sobre ella. Se regreso. El segundo y el tercero le sacaron vuelta. El cuarto paro, saco su cámara y le tomo foto. Este hombre supo apreciar lo que teniamos enfrente. Platicamos un rato. Que bien. Después - aunque no quería pasar por el túnel porque siempre me da el futí futí, lo caminamos yo y los perros. Al salir, como si renacida, la pluma estaba ahí ensartada el en barandal diciendo, ¡¡¡¡Mira aquí estoy!!!! 
No sé qué decir, me siento bendecida. Validada y valuada. Estoy viendo lo que paso, tendré que repasar mis sueños. Estoy como en un túnel, dentro de un huracán. Voy caminando, veo lo que veo. El camino iluminado, no tengo miedo. El fin del túnel el espíritu del águila me sube a su espalda y me lleva volando a ver el panorama completo. Veo que no tuve elección, tenía que vivirla vida tal como se me dio. No existen accidentes. Sin esa experiencia, no sabría como navegar la vida. Ahora veo, acepto y concretizo lo necesario para seguir viviendo bien. Viví, perdí, morí y ahora renazco de nuevo. 
Tengo la energía que no he tenido en un buen rato.  Desperté con el Phoenix de oro en mi mente y en mis manos en mis dibujos. San Miguel de allende, nombrado por un monje y un general,  ciudad de artes, artesanía, la fusión de los europeos y los maya, los indígenas. Donde la virgen de Guadalupe se le presentó a Juan Diego, donde la iglesia, representando a ambos se construyó para que la virgen maría le diera luz al hijo de dios justo después de la aparición. 


5.6.22 Retribución 
Pues no fue el plan. Para nada. Definitivamente no era el plan. Tenía mucho que pensar y estaba esperando que la Lavadora comenzará a funcionar. Me puse a limpiar el cuarto de lavandería con la manguera. Horrorosamente sucio y desorganizado, tumbe telarañas y mugre que tenia años en esas paredes. No me imaginé que con esa acción resultará lo que resultó. EL calentón de agua para todos en el complejo dejó de funcionar. 
Espero que la gente se dé cuenta de que sus acciones tienen consecuencias. Osea, el estres que he vivido como resultado de estas peleas con el landlord ha tenido sus effectos. Y al mismo tiempo espero que nunca se den cuenta. Bueno, no. Es importante que se den cuenta de que no pueden lastimarme. No pueden hacerme daño. Por qué existen consecuencias. Lo que quiero decir es que este poder de manifestar resultados es fuerte. Lo sinto fuertemente, es impactante. Y tambien sinto el amor propio. Por primera vez, creo. Es un sentimiento muy fuerte que me nace del corazón. Tiernamente. Y me sacude todo el cuerpo. He dejado de...no lo entiendo y al mismo tiempo me parece increíble. 
He vivido unos días muy bonitos, soñando con lo que menos esperaba que fuera señal de Spiritual Freedom, libertad espiritual. Digamos. Y eso fue con lo que soñe toda la noche. Con gente negra y alegre, trabajadora, haciendo lo que tenían que hacer para ser feliz, para vivir su vida. Anoche no soñé mucho, pero lo que recuerdo es que abrí el refri y encontré 1 Gallon extra de leche. Ahora tengo unas ganas de comer. Cordero Árabe. Con su arroz. Pero creo que no es exactamente lo que voy a comer. Lo estaba buscando por Internet y lo que encontré fue una receta. Cordero rostizado. Receta para un rey y una reina. Es muy bonito. Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay. Jajaja. Si se puede!



5.7.22 Gold Bull. Gold Brick 
Ayer. En realidad, me senti como destrozada después de identificar que no teníamos agua caliente y que estaban cambiando el calentón. Y tuve que tomar bastante tiempo para establecerme en la idea de lo que había pasado. El día anterior yo me puse a limpiar, como mencioné y no me imaginaba que iba a apagar y descomponer el calentón de la agua. Pero anoche soñé que había humo. Que entré a mi cuarto y que estaba lleno de ropa y cosas desorganizado.  Al abrir la puerta salía humo blanco. Entonces me asomé, quité las cosas y lo que encontré fue una como fogata sin cobertura eléctrica que estaba en el medio del cuarto y estaba echando humo.  Resulta que el cuarto esta directamente arriba del calenton. Y que los del departamento estaban fuertemente echándome sin derecho a hacer lo. Instintivamente regué el cuarto, limpiando y organiznado mis cosas, apagando el fuego (el calenton probablemente a punto de explotar o el fuego que causaba el landlord debajo de mi para hacer me salir). de echo, fue desde entonces que comenze a ganar con todo esto. Desde entonces he incorporado a Machiavelli (algo esencial para la persona con el don de la sensibilidad) me ha ayudado a pelear la guerra de forma cruel y justa, defendiendo me de lo que tenia que defenderme. Desde entonces la gente me tiene miedo. El otro día, solo por coincidencia o mejor dicho sincronicidad, instale las cámaras de nuevo en el momento que el vecino metía cantidades de muebles a su depa. Ja ja ja. Le envie el mensaje a la dueña. Claro que regreso a tumbar la cámara pero ahí sigue, colgando para cuando pase y le caiga encima. Bueno, no se. El punto es que este fue el tiempo determindado de un gran cambio. El poder, será, el toro de oro que por fin he podido dominar. Los cambios siguen. Yo sigo aqui en el depa aprendiendo a dar guerra tambien. Es aprendizaje, y con el tiempo se ha convertido en guerra de territorio que pertenece no a ellos, sino a los indigenas que lo trabajaron tanto tiempo, indigenas que vienen siendo mis ancestros.

...Y entonces ya saqué mis cosas y organicé, limpie el cuarto en mi sueño tal como lo hice con mis cosas en la lavanderia. Y me parece que existe una conexión. Hay una conexión ahí que no entiendo muy bien. Pero me parece que en algún nivel ese calentón estaba causando humo, estaba causando algún peligro para mí. Y es difícil pensarlo porque mi cuarto queda arriba, justo arriba del Calentón. Y se que el calentón había causado problemas en un pasado antes de que yo me viniera a vivir aquí. Entonces parece que me salve.  Al regar el calentón, como que lo mate con agua y me salve. Agua siendo o representando emociones. Anoche también soñé que, bueno, qué más o menos que la casa de mi mamá se había destruido. La habían destruido y luego cuando regrese, en la casa de Trevor había un bar grandísimo. Ah, pues me imagino algo como un rodeo Bar, como en Scottsdale donde tienen el toro mecanico (the power in the man’s home – como yo vi muchas veces que Trevor era mi animus en mis suenos) Y la casa de mi mamá, ahora la estaban desconstruyendo. Despues la reconstruyeron. Y ya con tiempo, lo que pasó fue que apareció Marc y yo no estaba segura si quería relación con él, él si quería conmigo. Y nos encontramos otra vez en casa de mi mamá. Me parece qué entonces se reconstruyó. Y al reconstruirla, pues estamos nosotros viviendo ahí, o por lo menos yo. Pero cuando entro el quería tener sexo y yo le dije, no. Le pregunte, "¿Que quieres? Como siempre, nomás acostarte conmigo, irte a la casa y jugar juegos? Video Games?" El salió del cuarto ala sala, desde alla lo escuchaba, "Ay, me duele. Ay, me lastima algo." Que no sé que y saliendo de mi cuarto me encuentro con una pareja joven. El de la pareja me cruzo el camino, ahí se puso enfrente de mi y me decía, "déjalo, que se vaya, déjalo que se vaya." Le digo, "Bueno, pero tengo que ver qué está pasando." Me acerqué, como que estaba viendo una pantalla y Marc jugaba basquetbol profesional. Y yo veía que los brazos los tenía muy mal, el brazo derecho flaco y flácido. Me fije en cual y le pregunto Mark, "¿que pasa con tu brazo derecho, que pasa?" Y me dice, "No, es mi pierna derecha la que me falla." Pero yo veo que como la Handless Maiden Tale, los brazos no le sirven. El muchacho insistia, "déjalo que se vaya, déjalo que se vaya." Y por fin lo deje que se fuera. O de repente cambió, decidí, pues que se iba a ir y cambió la escena. Se projecto  un montaje de la vida de Mark, desde nuetro reencuentro. El terminó mal. Lo que quería eran los fríos video Games. Ahi se muere. 

Y después comenzó un montaje de mi vida, de pura sincronicidad, las sincronicidades me llevaron por fin a flechas de oro. Primero vi a newton, la manzana que caio y las flechas de oro me seguían apuntando a donde ir, salían rapidamente las segui hasta finalmente llegar al toro de oro. Y ese toro de oro estuvo de mi lado, así como sentía un sentimiento de awakening súper fuerte. Sera the harnessing of power premonition or of thinking. Y me subí encima de él y como que hizo sus movimientos de toro, intentando tumbarme. Pero yo fácilmente me mantenía encima del toro. Y luego ya después me bajé y se quedó a mi lado. Es muy impactante porque estoy viendo esta película de Gold Brick. Y es exactamente la película de retribución. ¿Retribución? El camino de un muchacho que pensó que tenía esquizofrenia. Pero resultó que en vez de ser maldición fue una bendición, le dio un gran poder que le salvó la vida a él. Que lo conectó con la persona y la experiencia correcta. Que lo causó que escribiera su libro. Y que resultó en la maduración y la aceptación, la reintegración a la sociedad.

Viendo esto hoy el día de independencia, cuatro de julio veo mas todavía. Anoche tenia visiones de barras de oro, pero estas eran reales que se las llevaban en carro tras carro de la Armor al banco. Que eran mis recursos de nuevo accesibles para mi y para mi familia. Como el resultado de la película, gold brick, que apenas estoy callendo en cuenta que un gold brick no tiene ningún valor. Aun así, la película se trata de vivir con valor, vivir con vida, no ser tan derecho y el hombre trabajaba o decía que había trabajado para el gobierno. Un buen hombre en realidad. Y sus hijos con sus batallas, y su mujer que se acostaba con cualquiera mientras el desarollaba amor y confianza con los que podía – aunque le faltaba la honestidad. Mientras el vivía, sanaba al muchacho que con poderes nuevos y potentes de manifestar movimientos en objetos telepaticamente resultando de un accidente automovilístico, perdia la mente. Osea, esquizofrénico. Pero con amor, entendimiento, perdón, vida, aventura y paciencia escribió y escribió la novela que resultaría ser llamada gold brick – la historia de transcendencia de un hombre joven, sin familia que lo aceptara, pierde su departamento y quiere matarse. El hombre, Andy garcia lo invita a que escriba su autographia, ósea una doble autographia, una novela llena de poder, de ganas, de trancendencia al poder, a superar la perdida de la mente, de la familia, del dinero, aparentemente de todo, y al final encontrar la felicidad cada quien a su manera. Andy Garcia con su masajista, el protagonista con la hija de Andy, la esposa con otro muy joven, y nosotros con la trascendencia de todos.

5.8.22 
Ha Sido un proceso de deconstrucción de todo lo que aprendí en casa de mi mamá. Un soltar de fantasías que no me permiten vivir el día, el momento. He vivido en una fantasia de riqueza, en una gran casa, en la montaña, con cuerpo de porrista. La Chiquiti boom…un hijo, una hija. Mientras pensando dia a dia, cuando lo tenga, entonces viviré. Cuando tenga todo esto, entonces estaré presente y seré feliz. 
Hoy dejo este sueño para vivir el presente; todo lo que ES ahora, para vivir con ganas como decía el maestro Rodríguez. 
El maestro fue el único que regaño a mi mamá y a mi hermana. Ellas se equivocaron en no cuidarn me. Las dos estuvieron mal. Una cuando me puso el ejemplo dejo que escalar el barandal con espadas apuntando hacia arriba, sobre un balde, sobre un taburete que daba vueltas. Mi madre cuando no la regaño. Que ocurrencias. Mi madre le dio el lado a Denisse. "Tu eres la inteligente, tu si puedes ella no." Eso le decia. Es torpe tu no lo eres. El maestro me dio entendimiento y compasión, dando me tambien esperanza - El saber que podía ser entendida, y que valía algo, tal vez mucho. Lo suficiente como para que apartaran una hora de su día para dibujar me tarjetas con deseos de mejoramiento. Que suerte tuve. Siento que en cada momento mi hermana quería matarnos para quedarse con mi madre sólita ella. Creo que esta es la existencia de cada hijo e hija con un hermano o mas. La diferencia fue que mi mama estaba de acuerdo con mi hermana.

¿Que es vivir en este momento, sin querer estar en un futuro que no existe? Que es estar aquí, en este momento?
No tengo todo aquello de la fantasia, tengo esto: el amor de 3 perros, los consejos de mi Ser. Comienzo dejando los números y las monedas como guias azarosas, esto no es par mi. Mi alma es para mí, mi intuición también es para mi, junto con mis guias internas desarrollando se y mi consciencia convirtiéndose en quántica. 
 

5.9.22 
Anoche soñé que iba a casa de mi madre. No reconocia el camino, manejaba mi Ford Mustang que corría demasiado rápido y aunque le ponía frenos batallaba para controlar lo bien. Vi una Salida. La de casa de mama. Si, dijo mi hermana Denisse, ella apareció de repente en el asiento pasajero. Tome la salida a “Mesa” y nos llevó a una península. Al final de ella un círculo con círculos adentro. Como una isla. El primer círculo de los internos tenía una máquina de spin art. Yo estaba maravillosamente alegre y asombrada. El primer circulo había sido construido por Google. Los otros círculos, serian 4 cuatro en total,no habian sido desarrollados mas aya de ser escarbados. 
 
En este momento veo mis ovarios, mi vaina plenamente alegre, de colores, como el árbol de colores que dibuje por del camino de Santiago. 

Unedited
 
Los otros círculos de amistad, familia, escuela y carrera. Mi hermana habla con una muchacha de allí. ¿Le pregunta, de que lado queda de la salida Lawrence? Ella le contesta, del lado norteño. Me asombra como mi hermana habla tan fácilmente, abiertamente con la no conocida. Parece que trabaja allí.  
Google representa el cerebro, como el consciente e inconsciente. La muchacha es el sentro de todo. Soy tu ser, me dice. 
En el día de las madres reconstruiste tu isla psíquica.  Creo que comenze a construirla.
 
5.10.22 el matrimonio 
Me parece que siempre fuimos empujados para casarnos, para tener hijos aunque mi madre nunca lo quiso, ella quería que me quedara en casa, pero algo de la sociedad, algo en mi mente, en mí, en mi corazón, tal vez. ¿O algo que se me grabó, que no necesariamente me cabe a mí es el matrimonio? He batallado tanto en relaciones, sea porque soy sensible, sea porque he tenido mis problemas, he tenido mis desafíos que yo he tenido que trabajar sola. Sea por lo que sea. No he logrado una relación de largo plazo no he logrado el matrimonio ni lo quiero. Al fin de cuentas, cuando me llega o no lo he querido en un pasado y no es decir que nunca la voy a querer. Pero lo que sí me queda claro es que no lo necesito, no necesito el matrimonio para ser completa. Para ser alegre, para vivir mi vida. En este momento no necesito a alguien que me diga muy bien, lo hiciste, lo lograste, eso es algo que se logra y que se celebra por dentro. Y con alguien que haya corrido el maratón conmigo tal vez .Pero más que nada la independencia no es estar sola h la dependencia no es estar casada. La salud permanece adentro de mí. Siendo algo que valora y que libera con cada paso que tomó hacia adelante. 
No entiendo lo del Dios. Dionisos. Y Denis. Mi sombra, mi hermana. Me gustaría. Explorar este concepto. A las profundidades para entender bien. qué es lo que es? Sigo trabajando con mis guías para entender más profundamente. ¿Qué es lo que está pasando? Y cómo lograr lo que quiero lograr?
 
5.11.22 
Visita de la muere me llevaron anoche. Dos dias lleno de emociones desafíos. Perdidas de fantasías de Encanto, de las Islas cyclades. Encontré un nuevo nivel. El circulo de los sabios, the elders. Hoy dibuje a un indio con su headdress de Plumas de Aguila, solo que no eran plumas de águila, sino de paloma. Una Bella rendición de un chaman, chief de Hawaii. Invitándome al ciculo de los sabios. Salve a una cachorrita que estaba tirada en la alcantarina enfrente de wholefoods. Como fue que llegue a ese lugar? Love me ayudo a encontrarla. Y dándole de tomar, la encontré allí mismo. En casa de mamá, no la querían. ¿Representaría a mí a mis instintos, a mi ninia?  Que ya tenía mucho con los dos perros. ¿Mis hermanos sus instintos? Los puse a ellos a trabajar, a mi familia. Tienen que tomar responsabilidad por ellos mismos. ¡Por los próximos 6 años! El indio. Mi tribu. Hoy busque The comfort zone hsp newsletter. Mi tribu también. Qué bien. Me parece qué camino hacia adelante. Encontré el símbolo del oso de oro. En un libro escrito por una mujer, no jungian sobre el viaje a wholeness. The bridge towards wholeness. A feminine alternative to the hero myth. Ella encuentra la manera de formar amistades con sus demonios, no matarlos. Pero así no ha resultado, he tenido que brutalizar a los que me tiraban guerra para calmar las circunstancias. 
 
5.12.22 HSC 
Leyendo y aprendiendo sobre los niños super sensibles me doy cuenta de lo que requiere ser madre de uno- de una como yo. Las ideas de aquel entonces. La gran falta de conocimiento, y de presencia en mi propia madre, en la sociedad latinoamericana y norteamericana…simplemente no fue diseñada para los niños sensibles, las personas creativas con mucho sentimiento en todos respectos. Aunque hubiera querido, podido y tenido toda la información, tiempo y apoyo, mi mamá, como cualquier madre hubiera tenido que invertir bastante – con la situación emocional mi madre, la muerte de mi padre como sea que haya fallesido, no fue ideal para una niña como yo. Me pregunto, ¿siendo este el caso, como puede resultar a mi favor todo esto? No me hizo más comprensible, ni más capaz de compasión. Estas son cosas que me dio la naturaleza. Ni tampoco me hizo más sensible, más hábil en detectar y comunicar problemas – estas son las marcas de una niña hsc. Entonces, ¿que me trajo? ¿Que me brindaron estas situaciones, experiencias? ¿En que mejore? ¿En que aspectos crecí? Rápido me di cuenta de que el mundo era cruel y lo ignore, ignore mis sentimientos para no sentir el sufrimiento de otros, ni más del mío. Los reprimí lo más que pude hasta no reconocerme. Y ahora tengo el lujo, el gran lujo de entenderme, de llegar a conocerme. Lo siento como un regalo. Todo esto ha sido un regalo que tal vez no hubiera apreciado tan potente mente. Con tanto ardor. Sorto f regaining of agency, regaining her hands the once handless maiden.

5.14.22 no más comparaciones. No more measuring sticks. 
Todo el tiempo preocupada por si lo hice bien, si le gustaría a alguien, si aprobaría tal persona. Chingue su madre. Yo no soy yo. Siguiéndole el paso a otros para ver si así logro algo que valga la pena. Que la chingada. ¿Y yo que? ¿No valgo nada como soy? ¿Tengo que pretender ser alguien más para que me acepten? Me aprecien, me amen? Pues, NO chicos. Basta de esto. Ahora soy yo la que dice NO. A los hombres malpensados, narcisistas, destructores. A comidas que por tan buenas que sepan, me mataran. A actividades cuando no contribuyen a mi alma. A gente que no le importo. A los perros que no soporto. Ahora les digo que se vayan a la chingada.

Hoy vi mama mía 2. Que película más bonita. Que arte más grande me llegó en estos momentos. Junto las generaciones de manera que el perdón es parte de mi conscienciente y realidad. Perdonar a mi madre, a mi familia. Y ver visto la casa de Mesa, az. renovada, la decore estilo México, las paredes de todos colores fucsia y amarillo. Y luego azul Lápiz con oro. los colores del amor en mí.. Celebramos nuestra unión con familiares, mesas redondas en el jardín y una fuente en frente. Como siempre la quiso mi madre. Mi madre me abrazo y me dio el perdón, me pidió el perdón llorando. Mi hermano dejó de pedir me y comenzó a dar me. Mi hermana se disculpó por nunca saber cómo ser mi amiga ni tenerme compasión. Tuve una niña y todos quedaron encantados con ella. Bella. 

5.15.22 Flower Moon 
It’s all overwhelming today. All the feelings of moving forward of progress of the moon in bloom and all the moon blooms blossoming…and I’m blossoming along. The dogs are mating, and I am coping. I’m staying active, abs, running, walking and reverie. Today I baked a massively gorgeous bread with tons of protein, seeds, etc. I’m really happy. Beef for dinner. Salsa con Manzanos y papa’s al horno. Que Bella noche. Mis sentimientos como champaña fluyendo en abundancia. 
Hoy anduvimos en bici por la mañana, la iglesia católica brimando de gente nunca antes me pareció cómico. Después una gran fiesta en el parque Washington. Francesa Washington, celebraba su libertad de su esclavitud de pintar animales de plástico como en mi sueño. Puerto libertad – que no se nos olvide la fumadora que instalaron en el 85, una de las mas contaminantes del país.

Me queme la llema de un dedo sacando el pan. Y qué bello el pan. Todo alborotado y lleno de pepitas, ajonjolí, semillas de chia y de lino. Lla después los puedo hacer con espinacas y feta, ajo y red pepper flakes. Oh my! Dios mio! La perra se ha acercado mucho más a mí. Estoy contenta. Tenemos una relación bella. En camino a casa ella encontró un pastel de cumpleaños con velitas y todo – de peluche. Esta encantada con el y pues para mi significa algo también. Anoche soñé que mate a un robot araña de oro que había infiltrado y causado desastres en mi vida. Ya basta. Nada más de esto porque logramos destruirla gracias a dios. Y con esto la situación difícil del departamento terminó. Después sone que Love había brincado de un balcón tan alto que pensé lo había perdido. Dentro del sueño desperté para asegurar su vida. Como que tuvo algo que ver con lo de una monja efigie que crecía hasta que asegure su salud. Entonces regreso él y se fue la monja. Había prendido las headlights de mi madre, ella manejaba en la obscuridad sin ellas. Termina el sueño en que recibo de nuevo mi asiento a la mesa, protegiendo a mi niña bella y cenando una gran cena. Quité a un hombre egoísta que me había robado el asiento. Después, los cuatro pisos se convierten en holodecks en las cuales podemos crear lo que queramos y viajar a donde gustemos.  
5.16.22 Sweden 
Estos días he escuchado ABBA mucho. Esperando sus lecciones. He aprendido que soy una dancing queen, que siempre lo he sido. Que la magia de ser mujer, de ser libre, enamorada de la vida del momento eso es ser Reina de la pista de baile. Riéndome, llorando también cuando necesario. Me pregunto, aunque no lo se, si he estado planificando, creando – tal vez que estoy en esto – una vida estilo sweden. Con todos los ejercicios que he hecho estos días, formando hábitos de nuevo, apreciando las lecciones del pasado y más que nada, comenzando en creer en la magia de la vida de nuevo. La magia del momento es lo que aleja la muerte, el camello negro. Creer de nuevo en el amor, en el sexo, la intimidad, los besos y las sonrisas. Creer de nuevo en mí misma. Eso es vivir en plenitud, en el balance del todo. Dinero cuenta, pero de una forma o de otra, las puertas se abren para las que tienen amistad por dentro y por fuera de sí misma. Como puede ser que se me ha olvidado esta lección. ¿Cuales son mis próximos pasos abriéndome el mundo de nuevo? ¿Dándome vida como siempre lo he hecho? Fearlessly confrontando la vida, con el corazón lleno, pleno y abierto de nuevo. Diciéndole que si a la vida, a la magia. Bendiciones vienen por enfrente de mí.  Perdiendo a la monja para decir le que si al amor. Pero no perder lo ser juiciosa.
5.17.22 
It's a personal struggle, walking this road alone or seemingly alone. I’m sure there are others trying to break the boundaries of personal achievement in all areas. I found out I may have low iron, not anemia low iron that causes fatigue. So, I bought myself some liquid stuff, need oj to go with it.  Have been enjoying abdominal workouts daily. Daily jogs, runs, walks, whatever I can manage. Have a new track. Maybe pushing 3 miles. That's a good distance. 2.5+or so. Dogs are on new routine for now, 20minute outings in the yard 2 times a day. I needed a time limit, a place, a way to tea oh tea is what i need. I needed a way to train them. To manage my time, my energy, or relationship. It was becoming too much for me. I am working on the overwhelm constellation currently. Gotta switch to paper. I miss using my hands and pen to write. Running water for a change. Feeling hungry finally. Lowering caffeine intake. Having chamomile more often. There is something going on. Something worth a lot to me and I do not yet see it fully. A track of sorts as I gain my momentum once again toast to that which makes me happy.  
 
 
6.29.22
I’ve been rereading this document 22 to try and make sense of it, what a case study might look like, if this is a memoir, one or the other. Enjoyed dinner, fresh pickle – so good. And well, looking forward. My dream last night (6.28.22) was about being at a party. A daytime party filled with people I did not know. Dancing, eating great food, etc. I wanted to make friends on the dance floor, approaching other women. Yet, I didn’t want to make them uncomfortable. I go and serve myself some more. Then, I went to the soda dispenser. It put out all kinds of Mexican soda. Fanta, Sprite and one called metamorphosis. I wanted the metamorphosis, which was in a bottle of fanta and green. What I got was sprite, twice, then a third time and got some other. I broke the machine when mine came out it seemed. Or at least cracked the door. I picked up the sprite, it was big. So big, bigger than the tamano familiar. I pulled it out. A black man next to me went to get one. I wanted to get the metamorphoses, so I pressed the button multiple times. We used to take 4 of these back in the day, with my family and have a big party. Where he says? Norte? Sonora. Oh Sonora he says.…Take it, he said. No that’s ok, I say. I go to sit down. This is with my 3rd serving. I see salad, oh yes! Finally, I say. I get some and I get a taco. I had waited sufficient amount of time to get my second serving after the others. While I am serving myself this last time a woman is doing the same. I say to her Oh, I’m going to come and find ya where are you sitting. I’m the cook she says. The food is great! You know people expect it to be better and this is the biggest party we have. We always say, this new year’s party is going to be the blow out, this year new is going to be great. This year, its going to be the last one we say, we are thinking about canceling it. It never meets expectations. Then, she gets up on the stage, continues discussing all of this stuff and then she asks me, about how old is your mother? Oh, about 50? Oh no, that’s about how old she was when she had me. She’s gotta be in her 80’s. The lady starts gesturing the beginning of a song, in a bit, slowly, the crowd starts singing happy birthday to my mother…it crept to a loud roar of song. How could they know it was my mother’s birthday? I’m in tears. Then, from my right my mother walks up to me with a bottle of metamorphoses soda in her hand. She sets it down in front of me. All different colors. She hugs me. I open it, all colors of butterflies come out. 





7.2.22
Dream from 7.1.22 I’m going to be singing…there are these 2 guys. I like them. One is Big from sex and the city and a younger guy. They both like me. Turns out I am somewhere, its evening. I get a call, I can see that off in some bar, Big is playing with some nabadoo (goodbye in somali). You wanna call the romantic nabadoo? It’s the younger guy who calls. He says, I know this one I think I can call this one. He starts singing, “if you marry me.”
 I decide I’m going to dye my hair highlights and like Cyndi Lauper had before she died. And, when I get there its an Asian guy. Philipino. He says something about Cyndi Lauper. That’s what I’m doing, I’m going to dye my hair and sing Cindy Lauper’s “marry me”. I want the highlights the same color as her before she died, so I had to be careful. Oh, he said. And hopefully I won’t die tragically. Yeah, he responded. But it if I do, keep an eye on such and such thing. He is doing my hair, rushing me into the hair dryer to process it, He says now you have to go have it processed and removed. Its left to set. It does get removed.
I’m going to tease the guy for some reason, a chubby Asian, Pilipino. He is supposed to be the best at this so there he is and there I am.
Then, it turns into a female hair place. Even though at first it was all male. 4 women. I start teasing the them. The owner has been heavy on me, so I go jump on her. Ok, you mean like Barney? I ask. She was white, long hair, maybe dreads and purple and green all along her back. She got mad, trying to hit me and stuff. Some how I’m able to say something that stops it. Everything is ok. I still want to hard boil eggs.
Now there are men. Some very dark in skin color, others dark emotionally and some, one and the same. One black guy, good looking he is talking to this girl who doesn’t look totally mentally there. But she is super sweet. 
The girl who has trauma. The black guy is there telling his friends…, his friends ask him, oh are you dating her? No no, I’m dating another girl. I’m dating her, he must point to another girl. I see her she’s long legged and walking and they make up this story that…he tells them, she’s been abused and lots of trauma, so she basically just wants to please him. And she does. She comes back, something about a lollypop.
Then, turns into some sort of interactive women’s play place. We are doing things and one of the girls is setting stuff up. We are talking about trying breast milk. Remember that one show where they tried breast milk? Yeah! 
The girl who set everything up, all the girls are now side by side like on meditation cushions. She is on her knees setting it up and she says and I peed a little! I laugh and I say, what a trooper always doing things for us. We are all women, trying new things and whatever. We are all laughing and having a good time. The traumatized girl, she is there on the side when we are talking about breast milk. She is like a little girl who had not matured under a great deal of trauma. Thin and small breasts. I let that be whatever it needed to be. 
So now it’s time to go, we are released it’s nighttime. We are released into the inside of a place. A mall or something. And, I’m careful because there are 4 guys locked in arms and I think they are going to get me for teasing the owner of the salon the barney and stuff. Anyway, I’m safe and we move along to this other area. We are contained there, for some reason. Its all women and now we do a ritual to heal the traumatized girl with breastmilk. A sort of shamanic, maternal way of bringing her into the world healthily.

7.3.22 Independence Day
The last big Independence Day was when I parted with my mother. That was years ago, maybe 3 or 4 or 5. Today, I am visualizing gold bars coming out of my body at a rate that I cannot keep up with. Armor trucks take them to my bank, one after the other. I am filling up the inside and outside of my home, our home. The home that houses all that love and support me. It is a metaphysical communication of my gold, my inner resources now there, available for me to tap into. To create, to communicate in a way that others see it, value it and want what I have to say. It feels heavy and like a lot to take. As if the pollen path has led me to release all that was hidden away. Restoring parts of me that needed restoration. I am wondering what will happen next and am open to whatever. 
As Mary Oliver asks, what will you do with this one wildlife I’ve been given? And I wonder. I finished watching the analysis of the handless maiden tale. How her hands, positioned as her agency is restored. How this is the journey of every woman of my generation and prior. How and what restoration looks like, watery saving. Feels like, the purity of a crying cleanse. I didn’t know that I would be in continued contact with Ken. I don’t know what to expect from the information I sent to the dispenza team. The dream I had this morning “Quantum 22” how to progress from the short sighted intuition I keep falling back on, into quantum consciousness. #1 stop and smell the roses. The Indian guy from what the bleep was my professor who created this to liveby document for me, moving me past my book of miracles and the angry cat pictured in it, the one my sister brought to me. The dream of working in a place of wealth, where people took good care of me. A man, leaving on a long trip to not return, gifted me my next manicure, liked me, invited me to go with him and for me and my sister to be able to stay in his house while away. House sitting paid if I wanted to stay. Agency. Option to choose quantum 22, agency. It feels as though I am moving into a new stage, in which I can say with all honesty that I am choosing a new spirituality, one of self care. My new religion if you will.  I hear the fireworks going off, illegally of course and yet, its nice to hear them one or another, here and there. The celebration is awake.
Reading Mary Oliver’s book on Dog poems. We have the same take, dogs off leash is where its at. Their happiness, their joy at running free and smelling, darting, jumping delighting in it all. It is sheer pleasure to me. I like it that way. And yet we will live in a place where that is not appropriate. And shifting back and forth does not work for them. What a shame. We will find a way! Diamond. 
Yesterday I watched A new hope, starwars 4. It was like id never seen it before, I felt it real this time, I felt it reach me in a way that I have not been reached in the past by it or by pretty much any movie. I felt it. I felt as though I was in that bar full of those who have been out there, waiting to sail fly off into the unknown, the adventure awaits!
I’m longing for companionship and dreading having to manage my energy around it, as well. Today something popped up that I did not expect. That my hermiting is over, that I am attracting love and that I will still need to tend to whom I give my energy meaning that I will still meet the trashbags, which I have to not pay heed to in order to find the man that is for me. The partner that is for me.
The backyard tree is full of my favorite, white peaches. I cant even have imagined that we would have that tree and that I would be the only one picking the peaches. Nectarines, actually. I’ve always loved a good sweet nectarine. My goodness and white. Sweet. I made lassi with them today. Very very good. A single super sweet apricot laid there, I added it to make it taste better. It was great!
The dogs are growing. I am getting more excited about having puppies. We’ll see how it goes soon enough!
Golden city is still the sleep background on my laptop. I’m visualizing or rather, visions of bow cutting ceremonies, champage bottles breaking on a large cruise ship. I’m seeing a journey coming up. Differentiating between my feelings and not my feelings this is in order of importance the first. 
Jaisalmer, india. Golden temple in the water. Now it is my lockscreen image in independence day. I didn’t know they returned. Yet here we are. Today I pulled a book and opened it to Soul Nerve chapter 10 the hands of my grandmother. The head of the Parasympathetic system essentially and a list of self soothing techniques. Humming, swaying rocking, oming, chanting, singing, rubbing my chest and belly. All good and helpful things. People said hi to me. People said hi to me. 
Yesterday Love reminded me that he is at heart, wild. He bit the face of a pitbull named chapo who was trying to get into his territory with his girls. He was not having it. At all. It was neat, scary and eye opening. I didn’t know Love had it in him. I felt scared, protected and scared at the same time. Yes. Scared because I didn’t know how to control him, because it was so unexpected, because I guessed love would have been the one with bleeding eyes and face and yet not a scratch. I didn’t know what to say, I felt guilty for most of the day then in conversation with Lovie, he deserved it. Wise action on Love’s part, that I understand now. Incredible creature. How much, docility, submissiveness yet wild and free he is and that makes me happy. Very happy. We have not beat that out of him. We must nurture it and learn to tend to it that it stays wise. 
7.4.22
I’m wresting with the idea that my work is not necessarily the work of those who have possessed me into doing theirs, Jung, Dispenza, Autobiography of a Yogi guru. It may be that along the way to doing theirs I have found mine and it may be that in finding mine I am able to prove theirs. What I know is that my work, my personal work is with a pen. I  feel most powerful with a pen in my hand, a laptop beneath my fingers and a writing program. This is how I express my self, develop myself, find who I am and who I am going to be. It may be that my writing leads me to where I am going, it may be. A book is what is in me, that is what is in me, the rest is maybe there, maybe somewhere in there maybe a result of my work. I don’t exactly know. What I know is that my work is a book, it is writing my story. I pulled my carrot off the fridge and back onto my table, remembering that in it is a pen. This was shortly after asking (20,000 words!) my aides for help in paying for everything. After figuring out that my return from getting my sister a dress and out of a “taking something accusation” was to find Rolexes at home. I went to sleep last night wondering this very thing, this possession that takes me into doing it’s work – I mean, I know jung was taken this way and that may have been his personal work, too. That is what I am not totally sure of – how aligned are these things and then there’s the reality that jung was married to a wealthy woman who could not divorce him. I need to pay my bills. I also reached the easement today and found a ball with a blue 4 on it – so housed. And housed is what I saw following my exit. It was all too much actually the dogs really took the excitement to another level and I was overwhelmed, no patience. Its been a bit since things were like that. I hate to think that they cannot enjoy their pleasure to the fullest because it exacerbates me. But it wasn’t that. I enjoyed that. It was the being on a leash and not listening and putting my feet and white pants in danger. Which only I have control over by not wearing either of them. Let’s be frank. I mean, I didn’t plan on going over there, I only planned on taking them to the back. But something led me there and I handled it well at first. Leasing them away from the disgusting trashy marsh on leash. But then, leaving and the ball and the grass tails they had stuck and the ears that were itching it all took me back to fuck land. I smacked love hard on the nose, poked their ribs until they got back into formation and pulled them to where they needed to be. So, I disciplined them indeed. Just more brutally than I like. They seem to respond better when I am patient and I don’t blame them for wearing the wrong shoes which could lead to cut feet or wear white pants which I’d prefer to keep clean. I apologized after. But the reticent lovey remains. So I take myself away from them for now. 
So, my work. The other powerful 4th of July was when I started savantly marketing leading to savantly health. The same business, terrible first name. It was originally going to be a psychologist marketing plan place to get to the depth of quantum consciousness. 
I understand that Q22 came yesterday and now I…writing is how I make my money, get the recognition to do the work I need to do in the quantum realm. They work in tandem with me focusing on what is important to me first. My health, mental, physical, financial. Thereafter the rest will come. Or rather I can work both knowing that my writing will pay first. Maybe. That feels right. This is together 128 with where I am heading. My writing an essential part of me, past present and future with an outlook on the future for all. 
7/7/22
Its uncanny, how we copy literally, behaviours of our family. I see myself, superwoman, my sister. Doing it all. Working, feeding healthy, cooking, cleaning, exercising, studying, creating new things, putting husband through college, creating a company, writing a book, managing the landlord, creating new friendships, managing the ones we have the best we can. My sister has fallen ill, and I am not taking anyone’s babies. I’m just not. I have my own that I can created and can take care of. I think I’ve always imagined someone’s babies would end up with me, much like I did with tia elena and I would be a better mother or at least a good one. No thanks. Not my job. Not my duty. I have my babies right here. And I must learn to manage taking care of them in a way that prioritizes me.
Yesterday I imagined that my hands grew into hands like the ones in the eternals, Gilgamesh. My punch was deadly. 28 of 28. I can no longer pretend that I am superwoman. Perhaps my lists now will contain not what I have to do, but what I can and have achieved to not do. What I will no longer take on as I develop into what I am becoming.
Last night I dreamt I received Jung’s boat in a metaphorical shape. White at a sushi bar with cups in it. Maybe with poke in it, but likely with elixers in each one. That is really what I see. Elixers of life for me. Following all of the dreams of regeneration, the brew that smelled worse than sewage and had more caffeine than anything. The pineapple – a symbol of a successful journey for sailors and one of regeneration. The Lincoln pennies which more than heads up meaning yes, meant balance, acceptance, freedom of slaves and the uniting of a country.
Yesterday before going to sleep I finished chapter 10 of my grandmother’s hands. Lovely. Next is a chapter on creating belonging, authentic belonging in our lives. This after accidentlally on purpose, surely opening to a page where in bold, capital print a man yelled at a woman, her, the author. It was a police officer who had for no reason pulled her over, and was assaulting her because she was black. In the middle of the night I woke up in a panic. Dog scratching herself incessantly. I had to get up. I was frozen in it for a while. Took the pups out for a potty. Then, I managed to start calming myself. I began to see black men hanging from everywhere, dead bodies. Then women and children hanging and dead. It is the legacy of this country, the thing, the terrible thing we internally have to face if we are to unite. And untie ourselves from the past. And it is ugly, I could not breathe and could not in my overwhelm see it, until I calmed myself. It is terror. Sheer terror. I had this dream before receiving the Jung boat with elixers in it. 1144 7/7/22. Then I dreamt that I had returned back to work and a bridge or shortcut had been created to the subway. The Mental health hospital exit was brought to us – it was now next to our work so that we could get to the subway in short time, that lead us to a sushi bar where we were served a sort of clear membrane watery appetizer, my male counterpart wanted 2. He was ignored. I turned on my charm thinking the hard Japanese man would be more gracious. I gave him a dollar as a bribe to get the second. We got it, but no hospitality with it. 3 of us who came in were seated at a table, all outdoors. Just then, a feast of sushi appeared before us. The table filled with others, people I worked with it seemed. We ate happily, perhaps in celebration. Then came more dreams of sushi restaurants. Boats were the theme in these, first me and a man were served sushi on a boat and the ginger fell out. When we got it again it had everything, fish it didn’t have before, too. Then in the next dream, just the highlights here obviously, I was served the white ceramic jung boat, it was beautiful, with the cups and in them elixers. This all followed by a dream where a shower water filter I jiggled for no reason started leaking, them a pressurized water aresol. I fixed the aresol, then asked a friend male, turned out to be a plumber to fix the shower filter. He did. Everything was restored. And I am here, thining or thinking about the importance of doing less – in order to not create leaks, to not exhaust myself. I’m gong to heat, eat now. 

Superpowers:
Defeat any enemy. Think and act in quantum. Make alliances under circumstances present.
7.13.22
I suppose the work called me. The life I lived, the experiences I’ve had, the choices I’ve made – I’m not sure that I’d be able to do it if it had happened any other way. The thrill seeker in me, the introspective nature of mine, the highly sensitive sensory processing bit – this is who I am or rather what makes me who I’ve become, who I am becoming. Thinking, acting, acting thinking, processing, feeling feeling feeling and integrating. Its just that it seems inane not to share what I’ve come to. And I suppose it all started long ago when I needed something to look forward to, to make my every painful experience worth it. When I had no one to rely on, to need or to lovingly need me, I created an audience of people who could use my development as their guide to our work, the work of the soul. The work of this life, the work of becoming. Crying only led to release temporary that didn’t create any real activity in my life, other than in some way clearing the slate, which I needed to do to be able to think beyond the pain. It was a necessary steppingstone to whom I would become, whom I would choose to become. It no longer was about me and the pain I was enduring, it became about helping the teens that might come after me to survive, dare I say thrive through it, because of it not in spite of it. It became a guiding light for me, to become a guiding light. The lantern I needed came from within, lighting the way for me and anyone who cared to see me as something worthwhile. Primarily though, it became and internal desire to want to become someone that could contribute to another who might be in as much or more pain than me. It became a drive to help me by helping someone else. That, I suppose became my strength. 
It led me to read, listen, think, process, ask and seek. Seek where I could and seek where I can I do still. Psychedelic stuff, they call it. I’ve never done a psychedelic knowingly that’s for sure. I think its meant to describe fringe type things, like meditation, chanting, weekend retreats with therapists groups, etc. Or at least that is how I dealt it. 
I walked a career path that many of my generation shunned and many of the generation after me embraced. Meaningful work, quality working conditions, intelligent capable coworkers. If that wasn’t there, I had to leave. It drove me crazy not to have it. I preferred fighting my own fight and figuring things out if in an unstable situation, due to shortages of finances. Still I figured out my way, carved my own path out of its own kind of pain. I continue to do so. 
I guess you could say it shaped who I was to be in that much pain, someone who wanted to care for others that they may see it through and it took off into the rest of my life. Wanting quality work and good conditions, well, I see that as a human right. Apparently, it isn’t one or at least wasn’t for as long as I could remember. Also, I learned that my innate desire to have these things, to insist upon them as a matter of survival is based in my deep sensory processing gene. Call it an advantage if you will, I would also call being able to survive in any environment an advantage, which many non high sensory processing people do without any problem. 
This takes me back to when it all started, this need to think bigger than myself. And how it drove me to see light where there wasn’t any so that I could focus on the picture ahead of me, that which I created with every breath that I may move towards it incandescently.
I took opportunities to tutor children at church on Sundays, through university programs throughout the year and on summer vacation. Youth at risk introduction to the university, week long camps in San Bernadino mountains. It was or became my duty. After partying at all hours of the night, not taking a shower, I rolled out of bed and flew to church on Sundays in order to be there. That was all, just be there. I didn’t teach, necessarily or lead. I only desired to be present, present with all that is, that was, inviting all of them to be there, too. It felt to me like no one understood them, reserved judgement of them, they simply flew at them and threw their own judgemetns, projections and problems on to the kids. I mean, in retrospect, church wasn’t all together different than home. It was you fix your problems, I am fine. I being the adults. Except, the scapegoat at home was me. 
The Pollen Path
Un camino con belleza por dentro, por fuera, por adelante, por atrás, por debajo y por arriba. Este es el camino que he caminado todo este tiempo. Y sentir que complete este camino de Pollen me alegra. Anoche sone que la mama de Jamie había sido librada. Que todavía tenia la sentencia y que para que se la quitaran tenia que comprar de nuevo el arma que uso para robar. La arma la tenían a los que les robo. Yo entre y se la compre. Puse el dinero para que se comprara y lograra ella la libertad. Con ella en mano, pude, a través de un proceso alquímico transformar la arma en oro. Tome la arma que en un tiempo destruyo a la familia, la converti en oro 944 y utilize el oro para beneficiar a la familia, a mi familia. 
Porque en korea? Representa el mundo, la guerra civil terminándose para unirse las dos mitades, por dentro y por fuera – La familia y Korea del sur y del norte. Porque la mama de Jamie? La que fue aislada por cuidarse – por querer cuidarse a si misma sobre el todo. Fue aislada, imprisioned por querer mas de lo que se le daba, mas de lo que pedía, mas de lo que esperaba la sociedad que se le diera. La madre dentro de ti que fue aislada y que usando una arma obtuvo lo que necesitaba, sin poder usar lo por que la sociedad se lo impedía, le parecía ilegal ese amor propio. Con el tiempo todo cambio, se libero de la prisión pero no de la sentencia, tenia que comprarles el Arma, la pistola, la arma que en un tiempo la libero, después la puso en la prisión y ahora, tranformada en el oro que comenzó como amenaza, la libera de las expectativas del mundo. Liberando la para que obtenga lo que mas desea. El amor propio, el amor compartido. El amor dado liberalmente, como si fuera gratis por que lo es. 
7/26/22
Its this battle of waking up. I wonder, is it as tumultuous, treacherous for everybody? As I start to listen to Peter Levine’s Healing Trauma, he explains yet again how animals in the wild return to their body quickly after a traumatic event, in essence releasing the stress, the tension that would otherwise make them some other animals lunch. I can say that up until recently, I too have been someone elses lunch. Unable to recooperate from long standing traumatic events, adding to them almost daily, it all seemed impossible to calm my nervous system to a degree that healing would occur. I must admit that I have been working with Peter Levine’s trauma concept, followed by Pema Chodron’s Tonglen since 2011 or so – that’s given me sometime to begin the softening of the nerves process. It wasn’t until a couple of weeks ago, when I found out about the vegal nerve, the soul nerve that established practices in unwinding took hold. Meditation from long ago, settling in after events such as going out shopping or walking the dogs. All pertinent, all needing time and space to let go, to unwind. Some of the practices led to others and some of them are no longer as powerful as they once were. I can change and use others. Returning to my body is one of them. I did the exercise now, it was brilliant. There seems to be a change from the first time I did this one. It was really very good. And here I am reporting since the last time, that I went out dancing. I met Matt, my mother, my father, the white man, the waitress, and the german, of course. I underwent trials and wars reaching the final frontier and one of the last dreams was about being precious cargo on an airplane, my men and some very bad men who had made it on board – I am becoming aware now that if I had not taken the time to report fraud this morning, the world would have experienced my groundbreaking. Metaphorically as an earthquake is my sense. By taking things into my own hands and taking the actions necessary to remain on top, the mercantile’ s top tip, I allowed myself to overcome the money complex. I think my dreams of losing it all pointed at having to take action, to clean things up and take measures – I am not completely convinced of this to be perfectly honest 4pm, yet it seems I have illuminati on my side. Wakanda Forever trailer came out, I saw it after I did all that had to be done. I am scheduled to talk with a new friend I found in an hsp group, Ferzini. I hope that we can. I also had a dream that a dutch girl we visited in the Netherlands, lived in a self sustainable household, no cold or heat could penetrate the house. An electrical heater which could be set for date and time in the center of the livingroom wall. The outer lands were fertile with growing flowers and foods. She wanted to murder somebody’s mother, my friend’s. It seemed someone, maybe his mother had stolen something from her. It was sorted out. We gave her Jarlsberg swiss cheese. And we were granted self-sustaining land in the Netherlands, too. How can I know? The plenty page when asked if I had overcome the money complex, the 4 pineal gland shaped cones amada found yesterday 2 sacral. She bit the box, breaking it. I took them out and put them in my chalice on my altar. Maybe I can turn this around afterall. I do not know. I have no idea how this is going to turn out. I mean, the world would have seen the groundbreaking…yeah, that was the quote to my question the outcome of not reporting the fraudulent charges. And, followed by my other questions it was certainly not a positive positision for groundbreaking. 
I see a devil, who was guarding my treasures of gold from me. He says he had them because I had not been able to protect myself from having them taken, until today. I walk through, I see all of these insects leaving the cave. I walk towards a chalice, it is light up from behind. I walk close to it, an inscription: He who hold the key to open the right bank, opens his life to abundance beyond conception. The right bank, Giverny, located in the right bank or the image that came up when I asked what is the outcome of my actions today. I reach, take the chalice I am infiltrated by light emanating from me. I’ve secured my world again.
8.8.22
Much in the way of writing about quitting substances got deleted – I’m not sure why other than to return to the paragraphs just above when I remembered that I could close the situation with 1576 by accusing them of fraud and then bringing it to their attention. Much to say about that I suppose also and much to see come in the near future.
Today, however, I woke up to a dream that has grasped and gripped me this morning. I cannot move into anything else until I write about this. It seems to be the context for my life. It in some way is putting so much into perspective – so much about me, about my experience of this life, my place in it, how I interact with it and the others on this planet. I mean, it also tells me a lot about others, by process of deduction I suppose and it sheds light on my most intimate experiences with humanity for good and for bad. Or rather, it helps me better understand the best and worst of my relationships. Big eyes. I suppose. As in, who is the one doing all of the work here? When I was convinced it was not me, it really was. 
The dream starts out in a home I do not recognize. I think Matt is there, sort of talking complaining about taking on big things. Sour – salt to balance. But is Matt me, a part of me or them? Is there no them? What part of me is claiming to take on big things that cannot be attained? I come into the picture during this self discussion he is having and now I am at mom’s house, in the dinning room moving around, maybe cleaning? Maybe not, doing something though. And I say, well, I don’t know, I’ve always taken on big things and not really worried about it. I just take them on without asking for help, I’ve always done it this way, it was like, I will because I can knowing most others cannot. Or no one else can. 
And this really takes me back to how much I’ve looked up to matt, for graduating early to take on being a marine – which in retrospect, is not such a big task maybe? Particularly because he failed at it. Or didn’t graduate for reasons only he knows probably. I cannot imagine he tells the truth about it. And it takes me to the earlier dream I had about song, a speculation that I also looked up to her and wanted so badly to be her be with her and be looked up to like she was by my mother when she was a woman changing her dress to wear a teen’s Christ embroidered dress. How did I do that to myself yesterday? Returning to this place of worry about my weight? I’m not sure. I mean this following a night of dreams about overcoming the complex of my lifetime. But I’m not sure it’s pointing me back to say I regressed without purpose. Instead, I am aiming at explaining or understanding the real deal here – it was as if the dreams might say you have a new frame, a new perspective from which to see all of it.
You may have felt less than others, revered ones who seemed to be looked up to by society – and in reality, the big, monumental work was being taken on by you. You are the one to be looked up to. Something about that unties the knots in my body, my organs my loins. I mean, it is as if I have been taking on Kilimanjaro’s while others take on flat land and I comparing my slow progress to their small wins as if they were comparable. If feels real and tangible in the way of clearing out so much confusion and tension within me. Maybe this has been the reason why I could not see things clearly. Death by comparison. 
It reminds me of Marianne Williamson’s quote: “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.”
it stops me in my tracks to apply this filter of perspective. Takes me with it to a place of sobriety, of rest, expansiveness and wonder. 
I too have failed at big things. Relationships, the mba. But I’ve won at things like mental health and life itself. I’ve taken on corporations and won, landlords and won, big themes in mental health and accomplished big things. I mean, I’ve landed in great places and I’ve kept at it. Goliath has not scared me from within. Preparation has been the name of the game. This is such a crazy big thing to realize that I am perplexed by it. Its simple way of fitting things together. It’s the piece that was missing in this crazy puzzle that went ape shit and I’ve had to find a way to bring all of the pieces back together, completely rearranged and some totally reshaped by the wear and tear of turning and turning them over in my brain. And this seems to be the completing piece, the one that says, ahh when it is at last found it’s place and a full picture of a situation can be seem with clarity – observed for its completion and it’s beauty. 128. Could this be? 

I, fucking, don’t know. I mean, I think about if I had been a man. Possibly with less abuse and more support to thrive out in the world. Doing big things, would I have? Given that I take on big things? Maybe? I don’t often look at things this way because it doesn’t really give me a leg up. But it does help put things into perspective. I mean, the windmill here is that I have thrived in my own way doing big things and learned to do them (unlike Matt and other men) on my own. So you, know. There is that. 
Found my keys!
What the hell, seriously what the hell do you do with the information when you find it. When you find what you are good at is taking on the monumental? 
Remember in the vast infinity of life, all is whole, perfect and complete… and so are you. Louise L. Hay
I am reminded today of the comment my mother made to me long ago, to us all maybe. She had left her newly born daughter in the care of our youngest uncle, tio pancho. They were in Mexico City, my father had not yet found out about his daughter or what my mother would later claim was his daughter. Denisse, the oldest child of the three. Tio Pancho was left baby sitting Denisse. My mother came home to an empty apartment, a lone child unattended. Flabbergasted she had nothing to do but wait until tio returned. When he did, he explained that he could not explain it, that he felt urges to do terrible things to the child, the little girl. They so terrified him that he had to escape in order not to be consumed by them and take action on them. Tio Pancho did not elaborate, at least not that I could recall my mother explaining. I do remember that when he was at the farm, visiting between jail stays or out of town morays, he tended to me like a kid worth caring for. He combed and braided my hair,  tended to me as an innocent child when he once found me swirling like a dervish with my little panties tucked into my bum as if to mimic the thongs I’d seen in the cartoon books grandpa often showed me. He cared for me and said that maybe that wasn’t the way a little girl behaves, or something to that effect. He said it in such a way that I felt not shamed, as I usually did by my family’s reprimands, but cared for by another being. Something I did not often get in that household. 

9.15.22
What is happening, I’m not sure. It’s a glaring light that in some capacity I’ve been waiting for…a change, dramatic and happy. Maybe dramatic some, drastic mostly. A bit of both depending on who I’m talking to. 
My dreams coming through, impactful, intense, awakening as usual. I wonder, what was it that he, the black man was feeling. Our greatness, as a nation was built by slaves, beautiful black warriors, buried, the foundation on which we stand. Their fear this fact is being forgotten. My choice to cure, procure cured meats and a black scarab with silver lining – the darkness surrounded by light. Powerful somehow. I mean, how could it not be. For me the scarab is absolutely the definitive symbol of transformation of resurrection, no? of the Sun, Ra, the divine light shining out from within. Hmm…They are slaves! This nation was built on the back of slaves! Yes, I see and I feel and I think they are the mightiest of warriors.
The black scarab looked Egyptian, with an inscription on the bottom. All around rotund no flat parts.
Black scarab, my family. The dark side of life, all of it. My transformation in viewing it, in the serving kit of cured meats. Some of my favorite things to eat. 


11.21.22
Yesterday I did something that I needed to do. I contacted the trafficking hotline and told them of my experience, my hopes for others and that with their help, hopefully someone could prevent further damage to anyone around. I was left bereft. There was no avenue for rectification or action that might indicate this would end. I have to believe that I did exactly as I needed to for myself and for others. The rest is entirely up to the universe, god almighty and everything that can be an ally for the light.
It was difficult processing this. I called my therapist and chatted with her about all of it. Finally breaking my silence on the CPTSD, the reasons for it, the whole story I suppose. Its been a rich past few days of developing a part of me that has felt left behind for so long. The postive masculine, a drive to life, to thrive. Today, i am working on the golden windmill that is money making. I am planning on working to make a ton of money so that I can take on what is next. A job that allows me to take my time writing this book, to live the way I want to live and enjoy it fully. Thank you universe for all that is!

I met an interesting man today at the hotel pool. We chatted about his credentials, ambition and desire to change that all for a value system that supports his mental health. I really enjoyed the conversation and am hoping we can stay connected as contacts. 6 degrees of separation baby. Big in the art world, in the world of economics and of finance. I could really use someone like that on my side. 


11.22.22
Me pregunto, cual es mi trabajo? Anoche soñe que mi mama queria ser Speech Pathologist o gatekeeper para alguien famoso. Me pregunte en el sueño porque sera que siento lo que siento? ...Siente lo que siente mi madre! Ese es el punto. Creo que me hubiera gustado ser speech pathologist. Me parece algo muy interesante. 
Ayer conoci a un maestro de economia de los artes, la cultura. En realidad, no muy interesante aunque me senti muy super atraida a el. Aun asi, no me deje seducir por mis ideas. Soñe que espere a un hombre toda la noche. Al no venir tuve que unirme a partes de mi que quedaban separadas, una niña con Cerebral Palsy, Melissa la niña que cuide de chica. Yo sentia tanta compassion por su necesidad de hacer el amor, de ser tocada por un hombre. De siempre estar esperando que llegara - lo soñe asi. Ella y yo lo esperabamos. Nunca se comunico, al igual que tampoco lo hizo este hombre. Esto siempre ha sido un dolor tan fuerte para mi. En el echo de permanecer en la sopa caliente de todo esto soñe que antes de partir de su presencia me dio un anillo, y yo me lleve el otro que tenia sin decirse lo. Al ver los anillos eran coronas que se encontraban perfectamente, para formar uno solo. El primero, que me puse en el dedo de matrimonio, tenia la sequencia del axiom de maria, y un dragon alargado, rojo, el segundo tenia un dragon alargado y verde, juntos se comian sus colas para formar un circulo. Uroborous, yin-yang. No lo se. Hoy me escribio basicamente diciendo me mucho gusto y que te valla bien. Pues, muy bien. No se que responder le. Disconectar me de el, esa es la respuesta. 
It took a man no showing up for me to take back my projections of King. The greatest pain, disasters of my life are and have always been God. God pointing me inwards. The King is always inside. 2 rings, a ring of Power and a ring of Love.




 















